This company is in violation and I would like them to be removed from my credit report immediately. 


Please be advised that my family member has filed the same complaint for her account in a separate filing with CFPB.
PenFed did not give me the credit.
We will follow up on the call id recording that you provided that requires us to listen for further investigation in order for us to process your request.
so i will know u will mail my check to me tomorrow. 

On XX/XX/XXXX I uploaded my police report via secure link. 


I feel their practices are predatory and are designed to financially punish students through deceptive practices, rather than assisting students to successfully repay their loans, and it is through their deception that payments go into default or show up as late on credit reports.
This is too long to have my money being held up.
I was not the individual that authorized forthese inquiries to be made on my credit fi
XXXX XXXX  XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX Date opened XX/XX/XXXX Balance {$0.00} ; US DEPT OF ED/XXXX  XXXX Date opened XX/XX/XXXX {$89000.00} ; XXXX  XXXX Date opened XX/XX/XXXX Balance {$0.00}
15 USC 1666b : a creditor may not treat a payment on a credit card account under a open end consumer credit plan as late for any purpose.
Between XX/XX/19 - XX/XX/19 the account was removed from both XXXX and XXXX reports.
I have now been sent to collections through XXXX for a premium I should n't owe.
3.
I call Chase Travel.  
This loan should of been on its way to a pay off point or fairly close.
I am failing when I continue to point out and explaining that due to their inability to follow regulation E my accounts would be in good standing given their decisions to not give me any money, since no investigation was done in the appropriate time frame.
I was lead to beleive that XXXX XXXX was worth XXXX XXXX.
Therefor every buyer automatically opens a dispute regardless.
Thank you, I look forward to resolving this expeditiously
This is NOT a request for verification or proof of my mailing address, but a request for VALIDATION made pursuant to 15 USC 1692g Sec. 809 ( b ) of the FDCPA.
I had a Wells Fargo credit card.
No, not happy and the process cost me monetarily and emotionally.
Upon further investigation, I have retained new copies of my credit reports, and noticed that you did not furnish the credit bureaus with the required disclosure, within the period required by law.
Also, the profile and account activity summary corroborate my address.
Also my payment was for my car insurance and my car insurance was canceled due to this matter and I had to pay another premium of {$49.00} to reinstate my insurance.
I thanked them for their time and hung up.
Spoke with a customer service representative who was rude and unable to provide assistance.
Their online service just directs me to make a phone call and the automated service just directs me back to the website!!!!
Something needs to be done about the state of student loans and the way we are disclosing information to our students.
A person shall not furnish any information relating to a consumer to any consumer reporting agency if the person knows or has reasonable cause to believe that the information is inaccurate. 


The company investigated the claim and required me to attach a receipt or any sales documentation.
Due : Date of Last Payment : XX/XX/XXXX Actual Payment Amount : {$110000.00} Scheduled Payment Amount : {$0.00} Date of Last Activity : XX/XX/XXXX Date Major Delinquency
Due to my rights being violated numerous of times, previously I was requesting a courtesy to removed the late payments from my credit report but at this point I am requesting the ALL of the late payments on my account be updated to current and that Capital One work with me to develop a plan to cover the remaining balance. 


I again call for a dismissal of to-be plaintiffs statement of claim ( s ) and discharge of misreported delinquencies and derogatory behavior that the accusers complaint is undeniably unfairly lodged versus me.


This was a credit line that was sold from XXXX to other lenders that I had no knowledge of for 10 years because I thought it was included in my loan modification from XXXX XXXX XXXX since they took over my loan.
See scans of our ChexSystems score letters attached. 


The problem has not been resolved.
After I made the payment I called them and asked them if they received the money, they said everything is fine now and soon it will show on the credit report that you have paid the debt.   
I wrote to them on the following dates : XX/XX/2022 2022
A Section 2 : It also states a consumer reporting agency can not furnish a account without my written instructions 15 U.S.C 1692C Without the prior consent of the consumer given directly to the debt collector or the express permission of a court of competent jurisdiction, a debt collector may not communicate with a consumer in connection with the collection of any debt. 



I recently contacted them again on XX/XX/XXXX and filed a complaint with them about my dispute claim.
and they still continue to report.
My credit score on XX/XX/2021 was XXXX. 

.Hi, I can't believe you guys are taking advantage of me.
I have asked for validation, not verification.
XXXX XXXX, date reported XX/XX/XXXX.
Although the court denied the objection, it also withheld the Clerk from finalizing the sale until the lender would consider the short sale offer.
XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX, NC XXXX XXXX XXXX XX/XX/2018 Carrington Mortgage Services : Escalations Team XXXX XXXX  XXXX XXXX, IN XXXX Loan Number :
No one has ever reached out to me since that day and I need this resolved.
but they said it is too late and they said you can use the card now.
According to The XXXX XXXX XXXX insurance should be not be allowed so that insurance can complete processing
Synchrony Bank XXXX XXXX has violated my consumer rights by reporting late payments to XXXX, XXXX and XXXX.
A review of your account shows that you updated your address with XXXX in XX/XX/XXXX ; however, you continued to receive email correspondence as originally requested in XX/XX/XXXX.
The amount is very small {$62.00} and would not have had an issue paying them.
However, when they realized this was an error, 4 months later, it was fixed.
Many stated they have already filed lawsuits against the company for such practice.
Needless to say I received XXXX letters from them shortly after : XXXX dated XXXX/XXXX/16 - Your File is complete and decision will be be made within 30 days XXXX dated XXXX/XXXX/2016 (!!
The lender sent me two loan packets for the above amounts.
XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX is apparently trying to shake me down over damage to a rental vehicle that I did not cause. 


<P/>These systemic regulatory violations are still apparent in XXXX as it was in XXXX, XXXX and XXXX.
Ive spent years stressing, sleepless nights, family struggles, even contributing to divorce in XXXX due to finances.
I hope to hear from you soon.
It has been past 30 days!!!
I have forwarded them information showing the account should be removed as per the company and they still are giving me the running around.
The loan was reassigned to Pacific Union Financial in XX/XX/XXXX or XXXX.
Until I received a refund from XXXX XXXX.
A consumer reporting agency may decline to block, or may rescind any block, of information relating to a consumer under this section, if the consumer reporting agency reasonably determines that ( XXXX ) the information was blocked in error or a block was requested by the consumer in error ; ( XXXX ) the information was blocked, or a block was requested by the consumer, on the basis of a material misrepresentation of fact by the consumer relevant to the request to block ; or ( XXXX ) the consumer obtained possession of goods, services, or money as a result of the blocked transaction or transactions.
I have a Capital One credit card.
and I worked hard to establish credit.
Therefore, Im out of {$270.00} and tickets too.
I've just been told to contact via XXXX XXXX and nothing was ever done.
They made us feel like we were an inconvenience and they were visibly frustrated.
No one ever told me this on my previous calls.
My wife and I took out loans to pay it off and she tried to be added as a user so she could communicate with them.
XX/XX/2020 to XX/XX/2020 {$100.00} and {$3200.00} We were 11 days before closing on a new home when the lender LeaderOne Financial Corporation, Branch XXXX XXXX XXXX and his assistant XXXX XXXX.
XXXX  does follow federal regulations for consumers.
The current mortgage & second mortgage that I still owe today are more than what they should currently be.
In addition to my research on them, consumers have stated their mail came back due to the wrong P.O. XXXX number.
That should tell someone, something!
I am planning on pursuing full legal action under 15 U.S Code sec 1681s-2 ( b ) also uner the grouds of " DEFAMATION OF CHARACTER '' if acconts are not updated and deleted within 5 business days.


( I am monitoring my credit now )
This morning, I wake up to find that XXXX has charged my account a {XXXX} insufficient funds fee.
I was told at that time that the money had been wired over.
You must use your bonus offer code at account opening when you apply for a new eligible Wells Fargo checking account. 

Account Name : XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX  Account # XXXX Account Name : XXXX XXXX XXXX Account # XXXX Account Name : XXXX XXXX Account # XXXX Account Name : XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX Account XXXX XXXX, Account Name : CXXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX Account XXXX XXXX Account Name : XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX  Account XXXX XXXX Account Name XXXX  Account # XXXX Account Name : XXXX, XXXX & XXXX, Account # XXXX Account Name : XXXX XXXX XXXX Account # XXXX Account Name : XXXX XXXX XXXX Account # XXXX Account Name :
Fraud is on Usbank.
Now today got an alert from Experian that my credit score got dropped down 48points.  
Within seconds I received a text for a charge from XXXX charging my card {$37.00}.
The issue is that prior to LoanCare passing my loan to XXXX in XXXX XXXX, LoanCare paid {$1400.00} in county taxes out of my escrow account thus sending my loan to XXXX with a negative escrow of - {$990.00}.
To date, the plaintiff has failed to demonstrate any capacity or willingness to validate the alleged debt much less certify the fair, accurate, complete and compliant reporting of the claims, particularly being significantly deficient is any display of certified metro 2 compliance.
XXXX collections account appeared on my credit report Contact XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX, NCXXXX ( XXXX ) XXXX
I have had to endure the embarrassment associated with being denied credit, ( credit cards, auto loans, personal loans, and even a mortgage ).
Around XX/XX/XXXX Complaint and documented evidence was submitted to XXXX XXXX Superior Courthouse where she previously received advice by law librarian after notifying librarians of incident.
BLOCK AND REMOVE THEM 15 usc 1681c-XXXX Pursuant to the fair credit reporting act.
They are stating my deferment ended on XX/XX/XXXX and my loan matured XX/XX/XXXX which is not according to the loan contract I signed attached to this complaint.
Please have this removed from my credit report and please make sure they dont add it back like hey have been doing every time I make a report.
Experian support is non-existent.
The person who in fact stole my identity cant be interviewed because we do not know who it is.
Days later I received a call from a lady in that complaints escalation group stating my savings account had been closed since XX/XX/2020 & that there was a glitch with online banking allowing me to still transfer money to & from savings account.
I made my first purchase on XX/XX/21.
XX/XX/2021 XXXX
Shortly after, I did in fact receive the Notice of Adverse Action, and it stated that I was still pre-approved for a {$1300.00} loan.
MY ADDRESS HAS BEEN XXXX XXXX PLACE XXXX CA XXXX. 


There has been no other contact and no other way to contact BOA.
and yes, I do have a security alert on my TransUnion as a consumer I am requesting a removal from that inaccurate information you as a creditor is to make sure that the information you furnish is accurate not 95 % but 100 %.
New Jersey phone services won't connect me because the loan is no longer in New Jersey, but Texas. 


I am also including a copy of my complaint to the organizations below : CC : XXXX XXXX XXXX Director of Enforcement Consumer Financial Protection Bureau 1700 G. Street NW Washington, D.C. 2055 CC : Law Firm XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX :
It has been over 60 days and i will not wait another 45 days for no response.
Failure to comply is a breach of my legal rights.
-I Have Suffered Homelessness, Or Can not Secure Stable Housing Because Of False Information In Your Credit Report.


I never received any notice from XXXX at either of the addresses I was residing at during the months of XXXX and XXXX ; I also never received any notice at my present address for the entire year my mail was forwarded from my previous address ( reference attached email confirmation of mail forwarding from XXXX ).
5 U.S.C. 552a ( a ) ( 2 ).


A Section 2 : It also states a consumer reporting agency can not furnish a account without my written instructions 15 U.S.C 1681c.
I responded via certified mail, challenging the legitimacy of the debt, their history and the loan balances, and demanding validation of the debt as per my rights under the Fair Debt Collection Practices Act ( FDCPA ) which prevents companies like XXXX from using abusive, unfair, or deceptive practices in situations like mine.
Today I was kept on hold by a manager who proceeded to tell me they see it's a charge off they can't do anything about the over $ XXXX balance remaining on the account or that it is adding to an overall balance due of $ XXXX but then attempted to transfer me to the charge off department within navient that somehow magically closed.
On XX/XX/XXXX, I was laid off from my XXXX XXXX position.
I am not to sure about this because I never got a letter stating that those 2 were resolved but a Citi worker told me on the phone that those 2 companies were able to work with me but XXXX and XXXX XXXX are being reluctant.
Citi 's XXXX XXXX XXXX answered via futile, useless letters that present the bank as arrogant, arbitrary, fearless, and lawless.
I have also explained the debt is currently being paid under XXXX XXXX XXXX which is a consolidation of all student loans which include XXXX XXXX XXXX  Documentation has been sent Experian via U. S. postal mail service.
She informed me to go ahead and sign the package and if I had any disputes with PHH I can do so without worrying about accepting the Modification package and not being able to dispute anything.
I was assured the issue would be resolved by the next business day. 

Because I know my rights under THE FAIR CREDIT REPORTING ACT, CONSUMER CREDIT PROTECTION ACT ( CCPA ), and FAIR and ACCURATE CREDIT TRANSACTION ACT of 2003 ( FACTA ).
XXXX XXXX XXXX # XXXX, XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXXXXXX XXXX XXXX XXXXXXXX, XXXX XXXX # XXXX
I called SyncBAmazon on XX/XX/2020.
If you say no thank you, the account is n't approved or ever created. 


I was told I was making payments too large and too frequently which impacted my available credit.
Furthermore, this account has blatant inaccuracies that is harming my well-being as a consumer.
THE PLACE, LOCATION AND NUMBERS OF TOWERS ARE INFORMATION THAT THE REGULATORS OF XXXX ARE AWARE OF. 

On  XXXX   XXXX ,  XXXX , the deed was filed 3 years later by the firm of  XXXX   XXXX   XXXX  who were NOT the original attorneys on the file.
so I am confused as to why it would not be time barred.
To dispute this account, I mailed a dispute letter, a copy of my FTC report for identity theft, a copy of my police report for fraud/impersonation/identity theft, 3 forms of personal identification ( copies of my driver 's license, my social security card, and one of my recent bank statements from the past 3 months ) along with a copy of the page of my credit report ( s ) on which the account was listed, in an envelope sent to the creditor of the account and I also put copies of the same documents in envelopes sent to all three credit bureaus ( XXXX, Equifax, and XXXX XXXX via USPS certified mail with return receipt, this was more than 60 days ago.
Any automated response or e-Oscar verification is unacceptable.
With a XXXX ( XXXX XXXX XXXX dollar student loan portfolio, Wells Fargo 's practices continue to harm millions of individuals whose loans they service -- I appear to repeatedly be one of them within the past few months and WF continues to ignore the CFPB consent order. 


It is bad enough that my balance is $ XXXX for an XXXX XXXX, which to be honest seems criminal considering the jobs in which I can get with an XXXX XXXX will never equal to my compensation being $ XXXX.
Also, XXXX XXXX # XXXX failed to give me my " Mini-Miranda '' five days prior to placing this derogatory item on all of my credit reports, per Section 807 ( 11 ) & FDCPA 809, Under 809.
On XX/XX/XXXX XXXX sent me a letter with an itemized bill listing my medical conditions and services.
I appreciate any assistance you will provide.
Moreover, substantial risks and delays associated with continuing to pursue their lien rights instead of being paid by the clients health insurance need to be brought to the providers attention as well, due to this gross balance causing a huge impact on my creditworthiness If not removed litigation will be set forth, and court will rule and i will sue to the negative impact caused over the years
I am not paying XXXX  anything.
The representative went on to say, I am being sued in court for a payday loan under the company of XXXX ; a payment is needed right away to rectify my account, as they are currently charged on XXXX counts of fraud.
When it was reported wrong it allowed my credit score to drop 53 points. 

I have never been able to get her to answer her phone and have left numerous voicemails, none of which have been returned. 

The inquiry was not authorized XXXX XXXX Date of inquiry : XX/XX/XXXX Please remove it from my credit report. 

feel like i'm being taken advantage of and being ignored of my disputes.
I informed them that I did not acknowledge the debt and that the debt was no longer enforceable because it was over XXXX XXXX XXXX and to stop calling me.
Actually, Countrywide was represented by Best Interest Rate Mortgage Company ( now defunct ) who spearheaded the process and apparently in their rush to get it done, failed to " Clear Title ''.
XXXX 

my fico has me at a credit score over 719transunion has me at a score around 590.
Again, every single penny went to interest.
XX/XX/2020 I sent another letter letting them I never received a response or an update about the disputes.
These TMS fees were labelled as " Irregular payment charge '' for : {$270.00}.
Today, I had to make that call 3 times.
These are not my debt.
As such, here again I declare my right and preference to stand against all claims of the to-be Plaintiff ( s ) and call on your authority and INTEGRITY to ensure truth of claim, correctness of claim, completeness of claim, ownership and responsibility of any debt ( s ) or delinquencies of debt alleged in above noted claim ( s ), perfect and prove- able compliance of collection actions related to claim ( s ), and compliance of reporting actions related to claim ( s ) ... ...
Never received, was under XXXX related treatments and hardships.
During the spring and summer, XXXX indicated they were willing to do a loan modification and in XXXX and XXXX of XXXX, we attempted to get things competed. 

[ XXXX ] SSN : [ XXXX ] | DOB : [ XX/XX/XXXX ]
Also this account listed gave false/misleading information then decided to close the account.
Experian is in violation of my federally protected rights as a consumer. 

I made arrangements to pay the {$300.00} that was agreed to close the acct.
In accordance with the Fair Credit Reporting Act, XXXX XXXX # XXXX, XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX, and XXXX & XXXX XXXX XXXX have violated my rights. 


In re XXXX XXXX XXXX, XXXX Telephone Consumer Protection Act Litigation, Case No. XXXX, in the U.S. District Court for the XXXX District of California Stop collection proceedings against me Signatures on applications and accounts Investigators report XXXX, XXXX XXXX SOC SEC # XXXX DOB XX/XX/1987 ADDRESS XXXX XXXX XXXX, XXXX, FL XXXX
There was a billing error in the form of a computational error that I discovered on my credit cards periodic statement, pursuant to 12 CFR 1026.
I was advised I opened too many cards in 24 months.
The bank completely a investigation and the results are they are refusing my disbute.
Please delete this ASAP XXXX XXXXXXXX XXXX XXXX
He transferred me to the help desk which I was on hold for over four hours without result.
I have waited over 90 days, I have sent XXXX letters, each time with copies of the previous letter ( s ).
I called Transunion and they will not remove the inquiry and they told me that I need to contact the company that pulled my credit file.
We only had the forced mortgage insurance because XXXX cancelled us.
I have not received any results in the time allowed.
For XXXX 1.
Consumer protection afforded by the FCRA Sec.605 ( c ) .Fine of {$1000.00}.
I sent them again letters from my mechanic etc..
All I want to know is where is my money, I have rent to pay bills to pay this is so unfair.
15 U.S.C 1692C Without the prior consent of the consumer given directly to the debt collector or the express permission of a court of the competent jurisdiction, a debt collector may not communicate with a consumer in connection with the collection of any debt.
XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX, CA XXXX XXXX XXXX  XXXX Date Opened : XX/XX/18 Balance : {$0.00}
Then, they would transfer the payment to the correct account, which would make all the fees, etc ... go away and my minimum payment would go back to what it would be if that payment was applied to the current account.
I can not pay my taxes ( especially if anything is owed ), if I am unable to work.
My bank informed the representative that no attempt was made to withdraw the funds and that more than enough funds were available.
I went to my local branch in XXXX, FL today and the bankers there called the mortgage department.
I retraced these steps and came back to the same gas station and I was lucky enough to receive my wallet and phone seemingly Uncompromised.
Inaccurate items : All inquiries that are on my credit report was reported inaccurately, I am unaware of inquiries you are continue to report inaccurately and it seem that the inquiries were placed on my credit file by your company without my consent.
i have spoke in person with management in different branches, and not one, has closed my account, or suggested it to stop fraudulent charges ... and the fraud keepy happening.
I am not bankrupt, but the gentleman they assisted was.
I informed Capital One of this information and they initially agreed to assist me and not report my account as delinquent.
The bankruptcy information should not contain the words " charge off '' " Balance due '' " Late, Delinquent, or Outstanding '' Appear " Currently Owed or Active '' or be kept in a manner as to appear " Active '' as per FCRA.
there is some inaccurate information reporting. 

XXXX refused to contact their data processing unit and suggested I write their payments department.
Santander USA Consumer is still up to there deceitful tactics in trying to harm me financially.
How many other people have they scammed.
I was also told that I could make a payment online and have it deleted the next day.
3.
Person listed me as self employed on purchase of building/house in New York XXXX Person that is connected to house and all credit cards and miss information and phone numbers dont belong to me and addresses is my wife boyfriend.
They want me to do a payment over the phone ... .never. 

I did not authorize this account or transaction.
How many times must I inform the credit reporting agencies that I was a victim of identity theft and that the accounts I am disputing were created as a consequence of this crime?
On XXXX XXXX I sent a letter regarding an accurate and unknown things on my credit report to this day over 45 days later I have not received a response yet.
NOW, they are refusing to honor the promotion and will not give me the XXXX miles.
and I want my money and a apology.
FRAUDULENT APPLICATIONS have been submitted and opened in my name without my consent.
Accordingly, under review of 604.
I moved away from convenient branch locations and therefore attempted to close the account via written notice and phone calls.
Santander employee stated that he would defer my payment so that the payment can come in heals of stated that he would submit a credit dispute on my behalf and stop any late payment from being reported.
I received a letter from Chase stating that they could not refinance my loan because of my insufficient payment history and US residency status.
They keep stalling on an answer, meanwhile they got a judgement to forclose.
but I never receive any.
HOW CAN XXXX REMOVE THE BANKRUPTCY AND TRANSUNION AND XXXX DO NOT????
Equifax has put myself and millions of others at risk of identity theft/fraud due to negligent security protocols in handling consumer information.
I XXXX XXXX am filing this complaint on behalf of myself for false reporting misleading information.
If you are assuming that you are representing Me, you are Hereby Fired and your Power of Attorney is hereby Revoked.
I sent all the paperwork via fax and mail AGAIN ( this was in XX/XX/XXXX ).
It is the result of identity theft..
but they refuse to remove the 30 days late payment and fees from my credit report.
I want this charge either removed or resolved and the item removed from my credit report from all known credit reporting agencies.
all escrow accounts were in order and in good standing.
Dates were XX/XX/2022 and XX/XX/2022 by XXXX XXXX  Also 2 more inquiries came from Experian XXXX. 

I should be at the end of the paperwork process with my loan servicer but my calls go unanswered and I believe they are stalling me to get my house.
XXXX XXXX advised me of the over 30 on my credit.
I WANT THEM TO STOP!
At that point, I confirmed with my client that the lates were in the process of being removed. 


Did anyone use my phone?
if this inaccuracy causes me my career, I am suing.
Called BoA again today XXXX.
Also there has been no proof of a signed contract for these collections on my credit report.
Not until XXXX of XXXX did I get a hint about DOJ settlement, still had to do all research myself.
Reporting of a delinquency as I will show you all in the statement disclosure sent with the reports to consumers in the document section.
In accordance with the fair credit Reporting act XXXX Account # XXXX, has violated my rights. 


There are ( 2 ) inquiries from the following merchant that I did not authorize : XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX, TX XXXX
I have been trying to resolve a adledged debt on my credt report that was assigned to LVNV Funding LLC/Resurgentance.
Whether or not the debt was purchased and if so, the date and the amount paid.
What can I do?
These accounts don't belong to me.
See the promotional box on the statement for additional details ''.
If the company indeed charged off the account, a 1099-C should have been issued to me no later than XX/XX/XXXX of XXXX.
Please be advised that under Section 611 ( 5 ) ( A ) of the FCRA you are required to ... promptly DELETE all information which can not be verified.


I was asked to send my email address to receive tickets to an event and upon receiving the tickets I would send payment.
*** Equifax*** View all accounts COLLECTIONS XXXX  Opened XX/XX/XXXX {$310.00} Original creditor :
Your current balance is {$2400.00}. 


As I stated before the payee claims to have not received this check.
So Seed Capital was utilized for getting me other lines of credit.
I have a XXXX  condition it XXXX XXXX  and I suffered a XXXX  while trying to deal with the stress of this banks awful customer service.
They also told me that I have to call different numbers always.
XXXX XXXX XXXX Account number XXXX, has violated my rights.
When challenged on the fraudulent activity and asked per legal requirements to provide evidence of these fake payments and requests, none was provided, and they attempted to sell the debt quickly to skirt the law.
This sale should have ended last year XX/XX/XXXX
XXXX has low and unfair credit number for me in their report.
Also there was a law passed on XXXX/XXXX/XXXX that states that any PUBLIC RECORDS that does not have qualifying identifying information such as a date of birth, social security number, address, etc must be deleted.
I recently received a copy of my credit report and I discovered fraudulent accounts reporting false information on my credit report.
The individual also attempted to open a credit card in our name but was denied.
15 U.S.C 1681 section 602 A. States I have the right to privacy.


There is an account from XXXX XXXX ( XXXX ) that is showing on my experian credit report.
I 've logged in MANY times and there is nothing else I can do on the website.
I am a victim of Identity theft.
Policy : Uniform Retail Credit Classification and Account Mgmt XXXX policy " 180 days charge off '' re-aging only allowed once 12 los if consumer makes a payment. 

It's a preschool.
This address Is not mine anymore it was temporarily used due to a XXXX XXXX.
I had to advs the cust serv reps about the mort being transfrd.
PLEASE DELETE ALL OF THE ATTACHED CREDIT REVIEWS AS THEY WOULD HAVE NEVER BEEN AUTHORIZED.
I seen that they were numerous unauthorized transactions furnished onto my consumer report.
( 7 )
I strongly believe that they are in violation of the FCRA and are outright refusing to uphold the law.
On doing some internet research of my own I found an F.B.I. bulletin dated XX/XX/XXXX
That once the vehicle arrives, I will have about a week to decide if I wanted to take possession of the vehicle.
I have been questioned ten times over was the card in my possession, could someone else in your household of used it, etc .... to the point of borderline disrespect.
FTC report # filed XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX  Date XX/XX/XXXX AmountXXXX I tried Disputing this several times now Im trying another approach.
I believed that the fake check was real because it was deposited and cleared.
In XX/XX/XXXX, I wrote to Select Portfolio Servicing XXXX XXXX, explaining once again my situation, and why I could not agree to the Repayment Plans they have offered me, however, along with this letter, I sent in supporting documentation, in order to give them real life examples of why I could not afford the Repayment Plans offered thus far, and why I had, every other time, requested a Deferral Plan. 

I have contacted them 3 times.
The 3 Credit Bureaus must remove any items that was opened without my knowledge, consent, or authority within 4 business days with ( 1 ) appropriate proof of the identity of the consumer ; ( 2 ) a copy of an identity theft report ; ( 3 ) the identification of such information by the consumer; and ( 4 ) a statement by the consumer that the information is not information relating to any transaction by the consumer. 
XXXX, XXXX, XXXX  ; XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX, GA XXXX ; XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX, GA XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX, GA XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX, GA XXXX ; XXXX XXXX XXXX Balance : {$15000.00} ; XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX Balance : {$870.00} ; XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX ( Original Creditor XXXX XXXX XXXX )
I further requested that they cease and desist.
While I am sure that this contingency is probably allowed, and I have implicitly agreed to it by checking a box or that it is buried in a terms of service agreement ( pages upon pages of small font legalese ), this is unacceptable from the consumers point of view.
They are currently charging 8.79 % interest on the loan and even with my good history refuse to refinance at a lower rate.
I feel like I am purposely being ignored and stalled.
I dont want any money back
In accordance with the Fair Credit Reporting act XXXX # XXXX, has violated my rights. 


I feel like I am being ignored and taken advantage of regarding my disputes.
He stated that he was collecting a debt on behave of XXXX
I had reason to believe that I always made my payments on time.
Now they are very different.
This current account has been exceptional since it's inception.
Additionally, on XXXX XXXX, XXXX, I asked the lender to provide the signed and notarized re-finance documents for the XXXX, XXXX, and XXXX re-finances of our property.
15 U S C 1681 section 601
TeleCheck has not provided a Decline Code to XXXX or me XXXX XXXX the Consumer to properly investigate the reasons for this discrimination and harassment. 
4 )
when I arrived at the bank the wait was 2 hours at my old First Midwest on XXXX and XXXX  who did not have access to my bank account so the nice lady issued my a debt card but she could not set the pin she did not access to this function, so she informed to us my debt card has a credit card I could not do this has well even the card said unauthorized user I tried their phone line has a busy signal I just called while I'm typing this complaint still a busy signal.
Because of the mistakes on my credit report, I have been wrongfully denied credit, which was highly embarrassing and has negatively impacted my lifestyle. 

On XX/XX/XXXX I contacted TransUnion about the following negative accounts XXXX XXXXXXXX XXXX ( Account Number : XXXX, Open Date XX/XX/XXXX, Credit limit : {$700.00} ), XXXX XXXX ( Account Number : XXXX, Open Date XX/XX/XXXX Credit limit : {$250.00} ), XXXX  ( Account Number XXXX, Open Date XX/XX/XXXX, Credit limit : {$250.00} ), XXXX XXXX Account Number : XXXX, Open Date XX/XX/XXXX, Credit limit : {$400.00} ), XXXX XXXX  ( Account Number : XXXX, Date Opened XX/XX/XXXX, High Balance {$2000.00}, Original Creditor XXXXXXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX  )
My complaint is that Wells Fargo is taking customer money with no accountability.
PLEASE CONTACT THIS
Valid Authorization/ proof of alleged debt.
My credit score tremendously has went down.
Yesterday, through private message ( time # 10 ), XXXX told me it did n't qualify.
Jefferson Capital Systems LLC successfully manage to file and win a judgment against me without me knowing anything about their claim.
XXXX refused.
I broke down in the car so I had it towed to a XXXX dealership where they told me that the car needed a timing chain.
Ever since Equifax had the breach in XXXX I have not been able to access my online account.
They sent me a USPS Tracking sheet that clearly looks like a counterfeit copy which states the item was delivered XXXX XXXX  at the front door or porch with the address of XXXX, NJ XXXX ( NO PHYSICAL ADDRESS )
At that point XXXX ceased communication and I was forced to open a dispute with Chase Credit card.
When I called back the gentleman who answered the phone asked me if I was " XXXX XXXX '' and I said yes.
Further, I certify that I am permitted by FEDERAL and STATE LAW to file this dispute.
Company Name : XXXX XXXX XXXX  Inquiry Date : XX/XX/XXXX -Unauthorized inquiry by Identity Theft 15.
Lowering my credit each time.
{$21000.00} total and a balance of {$11000.00} is still on my credit report and this is false.
If the processing actually does go through in 90 days, it will have taken 8 months, a total of about 8 phone calls, and about 5 hours of my time for Fedloan to correct their mistake!
On XX/XX/XXXX they have not sent me a debt validation.
I have contacted each company listed below yet they can not validate these accounts with me
Under much duress, I signed the bank 's counter offer on XXXX XXXX, XXXX to acquire it before the scheduled foreclosure sale.
XXXX XXXX XXXX is reporting on my credit reports that I owe them {$210.00} for an old bill from XXXX.
FOR XXXX IT HAS BEEN NEARLY 8 MONTHS
I made my first payment of {$160.00} on XX/XX/XXXX.
Participated with XXXX, a veterans program and XXXX XXXX XXXX program.
The above clearly shows a credit of {$64.00} XXXX Statement XXXX Trans Date Post Date XX/XX/XXXX XX/XX/XXXX ( {$85.00} ) XX/XX/XXXX XX/XX/XXXX {$85.00} XXXX Statement XXXX XX/XX/XXXX XX/XX/XXXX ( {$85.00} )
So please help and have a blessed one. 

to Transunion XXXX XXXX
Nonetheless, i already invested at cost of this appraisal
That was after attempting to contact Transunion more than 21 times.
CREDITOR/DEBT COLLECTOR DECLARATION Please provide the following : Agreement with your client that grants you the authority to collect on this alleged debt. 

I would have to go into the store and re-apply for the store credit card.
I then sent in a payment of XXXX for the remainder of the XXXX.
Washington, D.C. XXXX Taskforce on Federal Consumer Financial Law XXXX XXXX  XXXX XXXX. 

I immediately called and made a payment of XXXX which they negligently or willfully never posted after giving me the payment confirmation number.
I was shocked.
THEREFORE I AM ASKING THAT YOU PLEASE RE-INVESTIGATE THE ACCOUNTS AND HAVE THEM REMOVED OFF MY CREDIT AS SOON AS POSSIBLE.
This account has updated each time to the 3 major credit bureaus. 


Please block this information from my credit report, pursuant to section 605B of the Fair Credit Reporting Act, and send the required notifications to all furnishers of thisinformation.
They are in violation of 15 USC 1681 e ( b ) where I am supposed to be promised accuracy in my report based on federal law.
No response.
At no point in the message was it stated that the call was in relation to an attempt to collect a debt and the call is originating from an " Unknown '' number.
BUT looking at dates and timelines.
XXXX XXXX at your branch office, did not provide this as the information for the issue, nor did any of the prior phone representatives. 


Regulation of credit reports ( a ) Reports by creditor on obligor 's failure to pay amount regarded as billing error After receiving a notice from an obligor as provided in section XXXX ( a ) of this title, a creditor or his agent may not directly or indirectly threaten to report to any person adversely on the obligor 's credit rating or credit standing because of the obligor 's failure to pay the amount indicated by the obligor under section XXXX ( a ) ( 2  ) of this title, and such amount may not be reported as delinquent to any third party until the creditor has met the requirements of section XXXX of this title and has allowed the obligor the same number of days ( not less than XXXX ) thereafter to make payment as is provided under the credit agreement with the obligor for the payment of undisputed amounts.
I am requesting you to send to me all the paperwork associated with the mentioned accounts.
I expressed how I got laid off in late XX/XX/XXXX, XXXX to be exact.
I live in XXXX Nebraska and did not authorize this.
I tried to dispute it with Transunion, XXXX and XXXX and i did not get a proper respond.
The water bill had not been in my name since XX/XX/XXXX.
That process did not finalize before XXXX.
Lets remove this immediately.
4.
XXXX XXXXXXXX
I complained to the XXXX XXXX XXXX about the lack of communication afforded to the general population and XXXXl did contact me but refuses to reverse the charge.
I was unsuccessful in my efforts to speak with them.
15 U.S.C 1681 Section 604
The same day I called customer service of Wells Fargo bank and let them know that my balance doesnt reflect the correct amount of the deposit.
My score in this area remained constant.
They have sent me zero evidence that I opened the account.
So I am not even sure Chase considered the evidence I submitted, which should have been sufficient to prove that no purchase should have been made and there was an error that needed to be rectified.
This is a violation of the Fair Credit Reporting Act XXXX XXXX ( c ) and a serious breach of my privacy rights.
Refinance Loan # XXXX Original Loan # XXXX
On XX/XX/2022 I sent a letter regarding inaccurate and unknown things on my credit report, To this day over 60 days later i have not received a response yet.
I do n't want this to happen to any one else.
All is being investigated by the FTC
I dont want to see another error listed on my account and please send me a copy of a credit report revised with the mistakes removed.
( I would like to add, at no point have I disputed the {$55.00} charge for repairing the hinge ; this was in fact done satisfactorily ). 


I have made all of my payments on time to Wells Fargo ever since. 


My final bill from the utility was paid in full. 

I was told I would receive a check within 10 DAYS, NOT business days, 10 days period, that was yesterday the XXXX.
The provisions of this section do not apply to a check services company, acting as such, which issues authorizations for the purpose of approving or processing negotiable instruments, electronic fund transfers, or similar methods of payments, except that, beginning XXXX business days after receipt of information described in paragraphs ( 1 ) through ( 3 ) of subsection ( a ) of this section, a check services company shall not report to a national consumer reporting agency described in section 1681a ( p ) of this title, any information identified in the subject identity theft report as resulting from identity theft.
I did pay down over {$1000.00} of the principal but then reborrowed {$1200.00} because I was struggling to make the payments.
She said sorry I cant do that.
Section 611 ( a ), plainly stated that a failure to investigate these items within 30 days gives a reason to immediately remove those items from my credit report.
XXXX XXXX XXXX, XXXX ( XXXX ) /Capital
The voice finally advised with words I believe were : " ... ( a few short words I do not recall followed by : ) sorry for the inconvenience. '' and disconnected.
I have now called the bank twice to report fraud and ask that the account be closed and the matter be investigated to the extent possible.
Wayfairer still has refused to explain to me what that additional {$360.00} is for.
Delete this account immediately, unless you want to be held {$1000.00} per violation Sincerely, XXXX XXXX XXXX
XXXX XXXX
A bill without a signature does not validate the debt and the information contained within this collections account contains false/inaccurate information, which has been furnished too the credit bureaus illegally.
Thanks
They have bordered on illegal collection practices and refuse to correct wrong doing in their part.
They somehow magically appeared on XXXX XXXX, and were backdated to XXXX!
They continue not to help me get to better loan after they assumed all Wachovia customers.
My information was also impacted by XXXX data breach and may have got into the hands of the wrong person,
This happened at the same time my husband caught XXXX and became extremely sick.
They've done this to numerous individuals even some I know personally.
This information is entirely inaccurate and incomplete, and as such represents a very serious error in your reporting.
We have not yet sent a cease and desist letter but we will to day.
She said it was missing part of the suite number and she asked me for the code on the back of my card.
Before my 25 dollar payment was due, XXXX XXXX reported to both exifax and XXXX  and they took 126 points.
This continues to plague my credit.
XXXX XXXX
This is the second email message I have received : Rate Information for XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXXXXXXXXXX via XXXX XXXX XXXX ( 3 days ago ) to me Hi XXXX, New rate information has been posted. 


On XX/XX/XXXX, I received the dispute results and again Equifax claimed they contacted XXXX to verify the data and that the information was being reported correctly.
That item is due to be removed in XX/XX/XXXX. 


You are now in violation of the FCPDA, and are now subject to fines of {$1000.00}, plus actual damages and attorneys fees, which I may collect from you by filing a claim in small claims court.
So I go investigate the matter, I go back to the apartment complex and I go door to door asking everyone if they remember seeing anything, I find a witness who remembers everything perfectly and I tell my insurance company
A subsequent follow up complaint was sent to XXXX via XXXX.
And she then followed up by telling me that if she was unemployed what she would do in order to make the payment, which I found to be very discourteous, offensive, humiliating and insulting.
IF CAPTIAL ONE HAS SOLD MY ACCOUNT TO ANOTHER COLLECTION AGENCY, THIS AGAIN WILL BE A VIOLATION BECAUSE I WAS NOT GIVEN THE PROPER NOTIFICATION AGAIN.
XXXX Balance : {$110.00} TRANSUNION :
However they sent me a check showing a payment that was made with my name on it from another closed bank account that was closed because of the same Identity theft reason.
I called back a few days later to confirm that the accounts were frozen and that no debits would be allowed out while the accounts were frozen- again-
I tried to enroll again at XXXX.
The {$37000.00} that I wired to Coinbase over 4 weeks ago has not been placed into my Coinbase account. ''
Chime has denied my fraud claim and will not share with me the reason for the decline for another 10 days.
And started a case?
I am unable to dispute multiple fraudulent charges after a " payment is made to a company ONCE. ''
SO NEWREZ NOT DOING THIS IS A VERY BLATANT RIPOFF!!!!
Subsequently I was contacted by XXXX XXXX XXXX on XX/XX/XXXX claiming I owed money on a loan that I never took out with them.
- 15 usc 1692d ( 1 ) using the means of harm to damage my reputation - 15 usc 1692d ( 2 )
Same letter but amount we owe changes every month.
i havent done anything illigal.
a year later I get a letter from a collection agency.      
This is a duplicate.
XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX FIN XXXX
I then tell them this state does not accept anything but the title.
We put her on our accts when they were opened.
1. SANTANDER bal. {$0.00} I am well aware of my rights as a consumer.
I need help.
XXXX is an abusive company.
I WILL BE TERMINATED.
I get nothing but no explanations on the phone when you speak with agents.
As I have had not complete my application for part ( b ) my application will not be process ( see attachment named email # 2 ). 

I spoke Citibank 's " Dedicated Account Management Team '' and I was told the interest had changed and the would not honor the guaranteed rate of .90 %.
Ive now researched this company, and this appears to be their typical unethical practices.
Since my correspondence on XX/XX/XXXX, Select Portfolio Servicing XXXX XXXX, has not communicated with me, despite the fact that, on their website, there is a letter dated XX/XX/XXXX, stating that I should be receiving a response from Select Portfolio Servicing XXXX XXXX, within 30 days. 

After receiving a current copy of my credit report, I discovered some entries that were identified as inquiries which qualified for deletion from my report.
What is that?
A few months ago, I was contacted by the same company, and I told them to contact me by mail.
When I did not receive any package, I asked PayPal to reconsider - however they claimed the parcel was delivered because the USPS tracking number indicated as much.
but also our ability to continue to operate our business.
I want the fee removed from my credit card account and returned to me.
My account remained frozen for next 2 months and on XX/XX/XXXX, I found that they had unfrozen my account.
The only address I have is XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX NV XXXX
I have made 6 calls to NewRez since XXXX and sent emails ( no response to email ), as of today, XX/XX/2020 when my payment is due, it is still not corrected.
I created an online account with Homeside Financial and submitted an electronic payment for the XXXX mortgage payment on XX/XX/XXXX.
The date was in XX/XX/2015 which was a time when my wallet was stolen with my id and social security cards.
PM yall arnt allowing me access to my refunds why is my account being closed? 

The agent said that my credit reporting would be changed to reflect me being current for XXXX and XXXX and they would add those payments to the end of my contract.
I am receiving frequent phone calls from a number that is registered to a debt collection agency.
We discovered at the beginning of this year that I have been victim of fraud again.
They demand that I email them the front and back of my driver license.
Hello : ditech.com is my mortgage company.
XXXX Correspondence generated from XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX, Division of XXXX, with attached medical bills attached, which is a clear violation of HIPAA law.
AND I NEED TO SEND A LETTER TO THE CREDIT BUREAUS.
We submitted a completed application and financial packet for the modification.
15 U.S.C 1681 Section 604
It comes to my attention that there is multiple credit inquiries that I did Not recognize nor authorized consenting to.
I discovered that some of the information on my credit report was incorrect when I reviewed it.
I received a 22 page report that contained nothing but my previous addresses and what type of mailboxes I 've had at those addresses.

This is a landlord/tenant dispute.
The estate name is on the application.
Upon, further research, this account was transferred/sold by the original debtor, and I am not responsible for the account.
So I called back and asked about the false certification discharge form, to which they said nothing further could be done about, and it is simply " In cue '' for review. 


They use that to pilfer the very solvent escrow account by taking money that would otherwise be place in escrow and put it in an undeclared funds account.
NOTICE OF PENDING LITIGATION SEEKING RELIEF AND MONETARY DAMAGES UNDER FCRA SECTION 616 & SECTION 617 Please accept this final written OFFER OF SETTLEMENT BEFORE LITIGATION as my attempt to amicably resolve your continued violation of the Fair Credit Reporting Act regarding your refusal to delete INACCURATE, Unverifiable and Invalidated information from my consumer file.
it's free! 


For starters when originally approved for a loan modification back in XXXX of XXXX by Wells Fargo it was at a time when my housing expense and debt to income was at the brink of fiscal collapse and Wells Fargo knew this.
In accordance with the Fair Credit Reporting Act.
XXXX 

They never answered my direct question, just said since I had to pay by Cashier Check they had to keep my XXXX payment in a suspense account and not apply this to my mortgage until they received my Cashiers Check. 



My daughter is still in school working on her XXXX.
This information is not relevant, fair, or accurate and was improperly used.
XX/XX/2021 XXXX XXXX XX/XX/2021 XXXX XXXX XX/XX/2021 XXXX  XXXX XX/XX/2021 XXXX  XXXX XX/XX/2021 XXXX XXXX All of this transactions were made by my debit card of my account at Bank of America. 

XXXX XXXX  can not report a balance other than {$0.00} once they sell the debt.
I believe this is unfair/deceptive trade practice by Chase Bank.
My issue is I never received a bill to pay.
I contacted the company and they gave additional information on how to report fraud alerts to the credit bureaus and the Federal Trade Commission.
Below I left the name, account numbers and dates of inaccurate information.
This is unheard of.
The email also showed that the merchant refused to refund the charge and that the merchant refused to provide a return shipping label.
A little over two inches above, a small six-digit number beginning with a " 0 '', followed by " 1/1 '', is written and rotated 270 to fit in the letter 's right margin.
Had I not called and inquired about my payment I would not have known to sent my payment via Cashiers Check.
They said I could send in my Drivers License or ID and I did!
This must be done before the end of a 30-day period beginning on the date on which the agency receives the notice of the dispute from the consumer or reseller. 


On XX/XX/2019 another inquiry appeared from XXXX.
This set of information should include the identity of the person who made the request, my original contract and agreement and any other supporting documentation. 

I told him I could and I made the XXXX payment of {$960.00}.
We wire-transferred US {$150000.00} on XX/XX/2019 from XXXX XXXXXXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX via XXXX XXXX XXXX NY to Wells Fargo Bank NY for payment to our affiliated company in New York. 


Capital One said if they were unable to resolve the issue within 10 days, the funds would be temporarily returned to my checking account.
On XX/XX/XXXX, Bank of America gave me a 30 day credit of XXXX to expire on XX/XX/XXXX, for bank acct.
They never did a proper investigation.
Regardless of how many times I claim to be the individual writing this letter it seems this message is truly missed.
This collection agency is charging me for a debit that it is not mine they closed a account that was paid in full by insurance and they were charging me as a collection service then they closed the account and then they open a false account to charging me for a debit that i dont Owen si i want then to closed this accounts and delete my information from there files for good i think that they haces taken with out my permition information that i didnot autorice and never sign any documents from them and they never sent me any information that could let me know that i had a debit from them.
I have named at least 5 violations the credit bureaus have made on my account.
Best, Best Wishes, XXXX XXXX Closing Attorney XXXX XXXX XXXX, XXXXXXXX XXXX :
XXXX XXXX
Most of my student loans have been serviced by Nelnet since starting college.
This particular issue is that as I am working to rebuild my credit following a bankruptcy, I have an auto loan that I had prior to filing my Chapter XXXX bankruptcy.
Experian continues to allow XXXX XXXX to furnish false, damaging content on my credit report.
It was first held by 12 XXXX XXXX for over 7 years.
but I know that I had about {$45.00} in my equity the last time I checked on it.
This is still on going after years of fighting.
I called several times, XXXX - XXXX to see what I needed to do to assume the mortgage in my name.
I credit score.
I did not authorize this and I have attached the proof that I did not authorize an inquiry and they advised me there would be NO inquiry.
XX/XX/XXXX : I paid XXXX XXXX XXXX full amount of charge for final bill on closed mobil phone account.
i have almost no debt and my identity was stolen causing my score to drop
I am scared to pay and end up with another judgement against my home.
I ask that you delete these accounts, or I will be filing a legal complaint against you!
XXXX EXPERIAN AND XXXX did NOT perform a FCRA 609 investigation and PROVE in writing TO ME
I simply stated that I would like to pay $ 450- {$550.00} on the XXXX and XXXX of XXXX so that my ending month 's balance would be under {$220.00} as I am currently under by {$760.00} at the moment with payments due every two weeks of {$280.00} ( and then {$290.00} if received late ) and by XXXX XXXX, have my balance at {$0.00} after {$550.00} payment on XXXX XXXX.
He asked me for the check number, which I gave him.
when the new card finally came i got to use it maybe 3 times before they blocked it again.
And why does the late fee vary?
There have been no updates to my credit file, no communications regarding my complaints and previous tickets placed. 

I was not the person who withdrew this money, it was fraud.
The last time ( early XX/XX/XXXX )
i wanted nothing to do with XXXX, XXXX XXXX  or anyone else. 


PayPal enrolled me in PayPal Credit, a credit line, without my authorization or without disclosures, to make a {$120.00} payment to XXXX on XXXX/XXXX/2015.
Mailed a letter over 30 days ago, XX/XX/2020, still no response
I called 2 days later because the payment wasnt taken out of my account yet, they said it was still confirmed and it may take a couple more days.
Between XXXX XXXX, XXXX, CKS Financial ( CKS ), a debt collector and agent for CKS, furnished information that Complainant was and remains delinquent to the sum of {$1800.00} upon the referenced accounts to the following consumer reporting agencies ( XXXX ) to be included in consumer files, to wit : XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX
So how was my payment considered late if it was mailed?
Reporting of the debt is a violation of the FCRA.
Shellpoint Mortgage Servicing is servicing my home mortgage account.
I filed a police report and filled out XXXX XXXX 's fraud paperwork.
They had enough time to update the balance then they should have had enough time to reach them and verify the company agreed to delete it.
60 days was on XXXX I called and they said that credit should be issued soon, few more days go by I call
n i made this clear for 60 days straight with XXXX  i spoke to a representative agent name XXXX and XXXX and XXXX from the fraud department I prefer to speak to a XXXX rept but they refused they had me on mute for 4 hours which was hurtful I have a perfect repayment record.
<P/> I vacated my apartment at   XXXX   XXXX   -   XXXX   XXXX   XXXX   XXXX   XXXX    XXXX , IL  XXXX  on    XX/XX/XXXX    under the protection of the Illinois Safe Homes Act.
Now its XXXX
When I contacted Synchrony Bank 's Fraud department, they refused to cancel the card unless I would give them my social security number.
I attempted to contact the company to no avail.
I called to remedy.
They are trying to open an account with ComenityCB/XXXX  at XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX OH XXXX.
My mother who is my co signer has XXXX and is on XXXX XXXX.
In fact the address they have listed is also incorrect and is a post office box.
I was never made aware of this because:1.
15 U.S.C 1681 section 602 A. States I have the right to privacy.


Further, I certify that I am qualified and authorized to file this dispute.
I became XXXX and have been under the care of doctors since that time.
15 U.S.C 1684 section 604A Section 2.
I made the arranged payment and gave him the conformation.
I get calls on Sunday morning even.
When I called both numbers back and complained about their harassment, they got verbally aggressive and loud talking over me and then hung up on me.
I am not sure how I was late in those months.
Wells Fargo closed and account that at I had due to pay day loans that were not submitted by be.
MY ADDRESS IS XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX.
We sold and closed on a property on XX/XX/XXXX.
and I have yet to get a response from them disputing my letter.
They have once again refused to delete item which is Imploding on my ability to purchase a home and costing me lots of money in interest every year.
Date Opened : XX/XX/2018 Balance : {$19000.00}.
My name is XXXX XXXX this complaint is not made in error neither is it being made by a third party.
The banks have been getting away with it far too long now & they think we the consumers wont catch up with their financial fraud schemes.
All items that they falsely advertise.
I am demanding they remove this alleged debt from our consumer reports, remit payments to me for violations and apologize.
The inquiry was conducted by Capitol one bank USA.
XXXX forgave a debt that was a mistake that went to collections. 


The associate told me that it is " bank policy '' that based on my location that I had to come into the office to close the account.
I am attaching my checking account statement forXX/XX/XXXX as proof of the transaction. 

Midland purchased the debtor 's debt obligation.
As well as going directly to them in efforts to dispute the false and inaccurate information as well.
Not to mention I paid the first three payments on the date of the contract.
I Spoke with   XXXX   at Capital One who has stated that they would reverse the charges and give me a  XXXX  balance as on  XXXX   XXXX , 2017 and would reverse the late notice on their accounts and with the credit reporting agencies.
2.
My credit report has been clean and all of a sudden a collection account appears fraudulently.
I asked where they got that information, upon delivering me to the emergency room they go to the hospital information desk, and take the my previous patient information.
They have issued a garnishment against my wages that jeopardizes my employment and my ability to pay my month debts.
I agreed to that, signed the contract, and put the first payment of {$100.00} down on XX/XX/XXXX.
im availabale anytime tonight XXXX early in morning.
Without the prior consent of the consumer given directly to the collector.
I was instructed the items may incur shipping delays and will be shipped as soon as possible.
XXXX assumed the same name and the business is still called XXXX to this day and is located at the same address.
I told him I only owe XXXX debt and that is with XXXX check cashing, and he became very belligerent and and said that you owe them so I'm going to go ahead and file this claim against you and hung up in my face.
The account number for XXXX is XXXX.
If your offices attempt telephone communication with me, including but not limited to computer generated calls and calls or correspondence sent to or with any third parties, it will be considered harassment and I will have no choice but to file suit.
I have always paid my bills in a timely manner and have a great credit record.
I went to court RE : this issue approximately 3-4 years ago.
( B ) Notice of determination.
This is in clear violation of my rights.
After submitting a request to Validate my account, the company failed to update my Credit reports with the required Status under the comment section.
As part of this program Ocwen and the Federal Government are working to offer me options to help me stay in my home.
Item # 1 Unknown ( account # XXXX ) item # 2 Unknown ( account # XXXX ), XXXX  XXXX, XXXX XXXX.
I purchased a XXXX XXXX XXXX in XXXX a lienholder title state in XXXX of XXXX, than moved to XXXX a title holding state and registered the vehicle in XXXX of XXXX.
They confirmed receiving them.
I have called this company at least twice to report that they have the wrong phone number on file.
On multiple levels I was assured that some one look into the matter but because I was a person of XXXX and no one thought that my loan mattered I was passed on from one person to another.
When calling Midland directly, they were able to see my account, view the details, advise that their subsidiary was servicing the account, etc.
When I reached out to XXXX, they told me to contact XXXX. 


I've been paying in full and on time since XX/XX/XXXX, so my last payment to satisfy forgiveness should be XX/XX/XXXX. 


All we kept calling all night, and my boyfriend went the very next day and bought a whole new phone because they had access to the old one.
On XXXX I established with Ditech a 'missing payment and verbal dispute '.
I contacted 5/3 ( XXXX ).
Whether this was done intentionally or inadvertently, I can not say.
Debts can not be collected twicethis is unlawful Yet again, you continue to report this and failed to provide me with a copy of any viable evidence, bearing my signature, showing the account is being reported accurately.
The information listed below, which appears on my credit report, does not relate to any transaction ( s ) that I have made.
It has now been brought to my attention that I am in XXXX XXXX  for {$260.00} for a {$8.00} error.
I have late charges that I have asked to be reversed due to the fact that the Bank says they cant change the due date. 

I would like to resolve this matter as soon as possible.
I have a credit balance, which they have not returned to me.
These complaints have been an ongoing problem, which I have tried to resolve with my servicer, Lender, and all departments and their employees listed above, as of now, the complaints have n't been resolved, & a solution for me & my family is to no avail.
My personal information was used without my knowledge and because of several phone calls from creditors that did not belong to me, that prompted me to check my credit.
At this time they all need to fined.
Now my home is set up for a " sheriff 's sale '' on XXXX XXXX, XXXX for " unpaid real estate taxes. ''
my fico has me at a credit score over 719transunion has me at a score around 590.
Instead they tell you to request these documents from the original creditor. 

That also is false because I requested my consumer report from them and there is no Bankruptcy listed on my report.
I never did receive that call back. 

Caliber is a untrustworthy loan servers.
This is State Farm XXXX.
I have friends who also have disputed the errors and they even received proof that the bureaus did something as the creditor sent the friend a request for more information on the dispute because the bureaus did something.
The woman we are now speaking to is saying that we need something on letterhead from his bank that states his name on his account and his balance before and after he applied his funds to my Wells Fargo credit card ; he will need to go to his bank, they say, to do all of this ; apparently, his generous help must be followed by a generous portion of his time to say that he is him ... self ...
3.
I must endure the sleepless nights, that have become a problem for me, since I have received the photo copied results without the Methods of Verification.
I have submitted all statements, proof and information XXXX has asked for including direct access to my income taxes.
I contacted chase and asked them what happened to the check, they told me that it was cashed by someone on XX/XX/XXXX.
NMAC told XXXX XXXX that they made a mistake on the account, and did not find out about it until later.
For that reason, I am surprised about the account deactivation with no reason.
They found the discrepancy and tried to get Stearns to correct it.
I am requesting Sun Trust refund my money immediately, cover all overdraft fees and expenses, and pay daily interest for each day they hold onto my funds without a refund.
I told him I did want to appeal, at which point he told me that he was passing my case on to another, more experienced investigator who would call me shortly. 


Nevertheless, Ocwen recorded and published in public records that I took out a loan with Ocwen for {XXXX, which I never did.
I then contacted XXXX XXXX fraud dept.
XX/XX/2022
I have been working with 2 companies for debt consolidation and receiving many calls.
That is a violation and these items need to be deleted.
I pulled the Credit reports from XXXX  and XXXX  and all data is contained in these reports. 


Dispute with XXXX Online or by Mail at XXXX.
Thy told me acct verified, so I resubmit my paper work and didnt do nothing but bring my score to XXXX.
She replied with saying the company has no current address on file for me to be reached, although the Pay Day Loan was done within the current address.
Magistrate didn't even care.
In XXXX I disputed $ XXXX in a stolen debt card - it took days to finally get in touch to report the missing money for they kept hanging up on me- about 10days after finally reaching someone and filing the dispute I was credited the XXXX
I have been trying to get chase to right their wrong for years and they have taken no interest nor action to do so.
THE ADDRESSES THAT ARE LISTED DO NOT BELOW TO ME, I HAVE NEVER LIVED AT ANY OF THE ADDRESSES THAT ARE POSTED ON MY CREDIT REPORT XXXX.
I never received any bill or notice and have no idea where it stems from.
Please see attached documents for these accounts I am complaining.
Concurrently, the Federal Reserve is making temporary revisions to the FR 2900 series, FR Y-9, and FR 2886b reports to reflect the amendments to Regulation D. 
The Board 's Federal Register notices are attached. 

XXXX called - XXXX, XXXX, XXXX, XXXX.
The work order expired without any action being taken.
I then called the credit reporting agencies for guidance and they advised me to work it out with the creditor.
15 U.S.C 1681 section 602 A. States I have the right to privacy.


I have reached out to the tax authority and they have conformed there there is no records of a payment made by the mortgage company for taxes on this property for any year. 


I have three negative credit items outstanding debt now.
NOW I MUST PERFORM LEGAL REMEDIES TOWARDS THE BUREAUS..
I needed to stay home and isolate during the pandemic out of fear of infection.
Thank you
I decided to look at my credit reports from the 3 major credit bureaus and found that someone had used my Identity.
XXXX, XXXX.
On XX/XX/XXXX I was informed that funds on my direct express account in the amount of {$72.00} were taken out of my account by companies such as XXXX XXXX  and XXXX on XX/XX/XXXX.
I recall filling out several forms that included my current address.
I had asked for this account to be removed from my report since I was trying to fix my error and pay it off and they did n't provide me with correct/current information to do so.
More importantly, I did not receive my {$200.00} bonus for this checking account, as Wells Fargo closed the account while my requirements were being fulfilled.
I think, XXXX is playing the odds that consumers will not check exchange rates.
This is a violation of both the FCRA and FDCPA Sec 809
I just got off the phone-line with them after being hung up on and singled out.
i am getting threatening lattes from collection agency and a Law office i do n't know who is these debts are not mine not my account i am not paying some body, s debts that is not mine
I did my research collections agencies can not call debtors on weekends.
THIS PROCESS HAS CAUSED ME EXTREME STRESS IN THESE ALREADY STRESSFUL TIMES.
The following personal information is incorrect Account Number : PREVIOUS ADDRESS : XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX, AZ XXXX XXXX.
XXXX
2. Select " Service Request '' from the Customer Service tab on the main menu.

3.
It is not permissible to fail to validate these reporting accounts as unverified information without providing any proof within the time frame specified by law.
Yet, my loan ( sequence 006 ) now showed only 15 total payments toward the PSLF program.
I have been in contact with Chase Mr. XXXX and no resolution to my matter and it is not my new Servicing Issue because they were only notified of the negative escrow not I had a escrow account
I bought products for XXXX {$21000.00} on XX/XX/2014 from XXXX.
I sent them another letter telling them to immediately remove the collection trade line from my credit reports since they did not provide evidence that they owe the debt.
XXXX XXXX XXXX.
The Fair Credit Reporting Act requires that you, the credit-reporting agency, report accurate and/or correct account information within my credit file.
Our loan is currently serviced under JP Morgan Chase, as it was assumed XX/XX/XXXX.
An extended warranty that cost {$2600.00} and GAP insurance that cost {$750.00} was added to the loan.
and then I was told there is no deposit pending and to wait another couple hours.
We are requesting validation under DOJ of NPV performed by NSTR as claimed in the INTEROFFICE EMAILS : Additionally, NSTR 'response letter of XXXX/XXXX/XXXX to Ofc. of CA Att.
.Hi, I can't believe you guys are taking advantage of me.
I asked to speak to a supervisor and was told she would send an email and will not be able to get on the line.
( Please see page from my credit report attached. )
I am unable to reach anyone there. 


I talked with CA Rep XXXX on XX/XX/22 and she said these would jus fall off at the end of the month.
XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXXXXXX Date Opened : XX/XX/XXXX Balance : {$3400.00}
She stated that XXXX said she would get back to her, but in the event that does not happen it would take 7 days to release the hold on my funds!
I was also told by XXXX they no longer had any control over these charges and were no longer able to assist me.
They then sent me & my wife a very intrusive email asking me about my wife 's monthly income, checking her social media & asking questions about things she posts.
I closed the card and was going to be issued a new debit card.
The seller as listed on PayPal Credit was XXXX XXXX XXXX.
We contacted Mr. Cooper however they too claimed they did not have the loan.
I requested a hard copy for my records.
However, this incentive is countered by a number of financial factors that make it more profitable for a mortgage servicer avoid modification and to continue to keep a mortgage in a state of default or distress and to push loans toward foreclosure.
I told them that this is XXXX because I did not swear them and I did not yell at them.
No money is owed and I request that Hunter Warfield due their job and obtain an updated record from the preserve and have this be removed from my credit report with tXXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX immediately. 


I sent my bank statement on XXXX XXXX and an additional document showing all of my bill payments to Santander.
... ... ...
They opened a claim on XX/XX/XXXX.
I used XXXX to donate {$35.00} to XXXX XXXX XXXX.
I received the card a week later (  XX/XX/XXXX  ) and started spending on the card.
SF/XXXX XXXX  dont ever do this!
I have currently been a loyal customer with Capital One Credit for about 5 years now never missing a payment with the company.
Original claim filed by Chase bank XXXX.
Please remove any information that the creditor can not verify.
However, the original agency ( XXXX XXXX XXXX ) is no longer in business.
The following personal information is incorrect Account Number : PREVIOUS ADDRESS : XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX 49.
There is some type of fraud on the entire account I am trying to protect the integrity of my credit profile.
Finally after taking over 6 months to process everything they told me everything has expired and I have to start all over.
Commencing on or around XX/XX/2022, I fell victim to a multilayered scam operation orchestrated by XXXX XXXX ( the Fraudsters or the Company ), with the design, development, manufacturing, promoting, marketing, distributing, labeling, and/or sale of illegal and outright fraudulent investment services, all of which aim at contributing to the goal of robbing and defrauding clients through a predetermined cycle of client losses to gains in the equivalent of XXXX XXXX which were transferred from my wallet : XXXX utilizing your services. 

I replied that those were not the terms presented to me when I applied for the Account and the corresponding promotion.
When you apply for credit, a " hard inquiry '' may be placed on your Credit File and it stays on your report for 25 months. 


Impossible to verify.
the information is received.
I explained we were told by 3 Chase employees that the wire was stopped, she is seeing if the calls can be pulled and was there notes to cancel this wire. 

Additionally concerning is the fact that she was turned down by another company because she has no credit history for the past 20 years or more.
It allows customers to transfer money to and from a linked bank account.
She casually and callously told me that I should have read my disclosures and that even though a gas purchase did n't actually happen, since I entered my card into the gas station pump, I am subject to the {$75.00} hold for 10 days.
BarclayCardUS is accumulating late fees on this closed card which are appearing on my credit. 

I have called numerous times without a call back from XXXX ( phone number is XXXX and XXXX x XXXX XXXX office ) and he has NEVER called me back.
And just 2 days ago my score went down -48 points because I missed only my first payment on my credit builder card.
I do not understand why they are abusing consumers
but I hate that businesses can disrupt reputations and cause adverse effects
In XX/XX/XXXX my loan service stated that I would need to show proof of homeowner liability insurance.
Mine got sold to some company in XX/XX/XXXX and then again to other company.
I demand these accounts be deleted immediately or I will file for litigation due to the stress you caused me.
I told them they had no permission to enter my property and they just said call your mortage company and hung up on me.
Paypal will not allow me to unlink a bank account.
I was told that my account was not " properly '' closed by Elavon until XXXX.
Originally, I have been told I would get an escalated resolution within 3 to 5 days starting XX/XX/XXXX, which I did not.
I think you have not validated these accounts in accordance with Sections 609 ( a ) ( 1 ) ( A ) and 611 ( a ) ( 1 ) ( A ), and I will pursue legal action against them.
after 18 months the bank gave me XXXX XXXX XXXX, I declined it because I thought modification would be better for me.
XXXX the account specialist who has my account notated me as refusal to pay/attempt to pay even though I telephoned them.
I recently reviewed my credit profile and noticed inaccuracies and false accusations and fraudulent accounts
I am authorizing this complaint with proof of the disputes i sent out.
THESE LATE PAYMENTS IN PURSUANT TO 15USC 1681a ( d ) ( 2 ) ( i ) From your end, I have not benefited from this transaction which is again violation of 15 USC 1602 ( p ).


I would like this bankruptcy removed from my report immediately.
XXXX XXXX XXXX, in amount of {$7700.00} has violated my rights.
NEXT DAY. 


XX/XX/XXXX payment sent to U.S. Bank for {$400.00} XX/XX/XXXX payment sent to U.S. Bank for {$400.00} XX/XX/XXXX payment sent to U.S. Bank for {$400.00} I thought this settled account was complete. 


Seems XXXX to do this with no deposit, photo or even someone doing physical verification .In
I have spoken to my loan officer, as well as my lender, and it was confirmed that the coding on these items can be changed by the bureaus to report accurate information.
My stolen identity fraudulent reports by the credit bureau and no one willing to give me a much needed loan to buy a house caused me to become homeless and struggling for the last 2 years.
Agent said they are separated condos
so the money was deposited on a way2go card.
This makes no sense.
I made it clear that as a loyal USAA member since XX/XX/XXXX and with XXXX children, & XXXX grandchildren that have accounts with them I was not happy.
they mentioned it will take up to 60 days to be removed.. please assist me
I sent a letter to Experian dated XXXX/XXXX/15 to dispute some inaccurate items on my credit report.
I have tried for about 9 monthsto get in contact with the BB & T 's Senior Vice President Complaint Resolution Manager XXXX XXXX XXXX.
Now they are charging me attorney fees as well.
Please comply with the law and DELETE the following accounts right away. 



In reviewing the dates reported 30 days late XX/XX/XXXX was in good standing reporting a payment of {$72.00} which was never paid in a full payment of {$72.00}.
I immediately contacted the bank, initially the fraud department, who passed me along to business accounting, who told me the account was showing 'closed. '
XXXX explained that at this point my loan was not being handled by her department which is special loans but was now in loss mitigation and that XXXX XXXX was going to handle the loan from now on.
IVE BEEN DENIED EXTENSIONS OF MY OWN CREDIT IN EXCESS OF WELL OVER {$100000.00} ( XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX  ), IVE EXPERIENCED UNNECESSARY PAIN AND HARDSHIPS AS A RESULT OF XXXX XXXX INTENTIONAL NEGLIGENCE AND DEFAMATION OF MY CHARACTER.
WF again mishandled the claim and did not follow through.
I was told to wait 2 days before confirming that the email was received.
I was told my account had been written off on XX/XX/XXXX and the only options I had were to keep the written off car and continue paying or do a voluntary surrender of the vehicle.
There are multiple inaccurate with this report. 


During this time XXXX  XXXX XXXX asks us to take car for smog because they forgot to do it.
I sent 4 ) {$200.00} payments.
Furthermore, any accounts that have been charged off, under the FCRA, CAN NOT HAVE A BALANCE.
In accordance with the Fair Credit Reporting act ( FCRA ).
I have been disputing a credit card that is reporting on my credit reports.
Please see this complaint is processed to the letter of the law. 

I emailed, faxed and sent via XXXX copies of these documents to Waypoint Resource Group who confirmed receipt of the documents.
This started in mid XXXX, XXXX.
I discovered this company had illegally reinserted a medical bill from XXXX XXXX on my credit file.
Please provide me with all instruments used to report this account.
PLEASE help.. 

If you dont initiate an investigation regarding my dispute, as it is my right under the Fair Credit Reporting Act, I will have to take legal action to protect my credit rating and myself.
and I call again, only to be told it was the employees last day
I'm hoping that these disputed items be deleted immediately. 


I was able to re-freeze my account on XX/XX/XXXX
and they never tell us to that we can`t use.
A person shall not furnish any information relating to a consumer to any consumer reporting agency if the person knows or has r easonable cause to believe that the information is inaccurate.


I was part of the class action lawsuit, and I would like this tradeline removed and I would like an explanation for why this account had activity on it 6 years after it had been closed ( XXXX ) and 3 years after it had been included in BK ( XXXX ). 


I AM TIRED LIKE MANY PEOPLE.
I asked him to remove this inquiry since it's XXXX and unauthorized, but the representative said he can't help me with that. 


Since XXXX/XXXX/15, I have not been able to get my funds out of my card.
see attched.
Hoping they would answer same way, more paper trail.
The actual 1st date of delinquency makes this account over seven years old and therefore outdated.
I am out of {$560.00} and can not pay my bills.
I called multiple times to confirm this and spoke to MSUP XXXX in fall of XXXX.
I had to deal with their attorney XXXX XXXX XXXX ) who wanted {$8300.00} to reinstate my loan.
Closing agents sent payments to Citizens Bank to close the XXXX loans on XXXX/XXXX/16.
The provisions of this section do not apply to a check services company, acting as such, which issues authorizations for the purpose of approving or processing negotiable instruments, electronic fund transfers, or similar methods of payments, except that, beginning 4 business days after receipt of information described in paragraphs ( 1 ) through ( 3 ) of subsection ( a ) of this section, a check services company shall not report to a national consumer reporting agency described in section 1681a ( p ) of this title, any information identified in the subject identity theft report as resulting from identity theft.
Inquiries are not mines ether.
I was put on what can be described as a " dead-end Hold '' I never got to speak with anyone from collections or whoever is in charge of taking my home away. 


how is that so, my name is not XXXX XXXX, therefore, EQ has failed to effectively and unlalwfully dispute an item on my report.
I have three negative credit items outstanding debt now.
When I contacted the bank about the issue they put me on hole for an hour and a half then told me they would have someone contact me about the issue.
According to the FCRA and the FDCPA, it should be removed.
IF I WANTED to use electronic payment, they had me LOCKED OUT OF MY ACCOUNT SINCE XXXX!
I am requesting a correction in my personal information for the XXXX time.
Every other bill from the hospital was paid in a normal timely fashion.
I demand these accounts be deleted immediately or i will file for litigation due to the stress you caused me.
There is no way out.
The following list of accounts and data should be deleted right away : XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXXXX/XX/XXXX.
Please remove these accounts and send me an updated copy of my report after the investigation.
She was a world of information.
Even calling when there was a note put in by a supervisor not to call me at the certain times I had specified but they continued to call any ways.
# XXXX Name ...
I was not informed of the nature of the complaint nor was I informed of any other details. 

This company is based in XXXX XXXX and in reality their company bank account should have been credited on XX/XX/XXXX.
In accordance with the Fair Credit Reporting act, XXXX  Account # XXXX, has violated my rights. 


Lenders require all clients to maintain full coverage auto insurance to protect their investment and XXXX neglected to confirm that insurance company complied with this requirement.
This notice is an attempt to correct your records, and any information received from you will be collected as evidence should further action be deemed necessary.
signed up for apple card ( goldman sachs ), took one week for a " fraud '' check and was offered a card.
We are fed up.
Its their job as a reporting agency to accurately validate and verify all information before reporting the data to my consumer file!!!
A month later I received an email stating I owed {$1900.00} which I didnt know at the time.
15 U.S.C 1681 Section 604
Any tax levied on security instruments or on documents evidencing indebtedness if the payment of such taxes is a precondition for recording the instrument securing the evidence of indebtedness.


pled w/ another supervisor for waiver & asked if i cld just pay orig {$100.00} & consider debt forgiveness for the rest b/c
Subject to Subsection ( f ), if the completeness or accuracy of any item of information contained in a consumers file at a consumer agency is disputed by the consumer and the consumer notifies the agency directly, or indirectly through a reseller, of such dispute, free of charge, conduct a reasonable reinvestigation to determine whether the disputed information is inaccurate and record the current status of the disputed information, or delete the items from the file in accordance with paragraph ( 5 ), before the end of the 30-day period beginning on the date on which the agency receives the notice of the dispute from the consumer or reseller.
I gave read multiple reports about XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX being a fraudulent company.
Moreover, having received my letters and responding to them without sending requested validation means that they are now willingly noncompliant and subject to damages of up to {$1000.00} per instance as per FCRA and FTC guidelines.
The List of accounts below has violated my federally protected consumer rights to privacy and confidentiality under 15 USC 1681. 


I never authorized my auto payment to be decreased.
XXXX XXXX, XXXX XXXX.
I am asking for the past payments to be spread our over 2 years.
I have asked for this account to be validated multiple times, All i ever received wa the letter i attached below ... ..
They are required by federal law to place a " notice of dispute '' on my account within 30 days of my dispute, which you signed for on.
Then after I returned the leased vehicle in perfect condition and they said i didnt owe anything.
There even accounts that Had been removed by other bureaus ( XXXX XXXX and XXXX XXXX ) and you refused to remove.
On XX/XX/2022.
In addition, also on the said date, I was transferred to XXXX in the Collection Department at ( XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX.
Edit this section What would be a fair resolution to this issue?
I do not appreciate him calling my work telling a receptionist that I have bad debts and bad checks.
My bank records for XX/XX/XXXX only go back to XX/XX/XXXX, and no payments were made during that period ( I ca n't recall any payments made in XX/XX/XXXX ).
My military service began in XXXX, so I was not attending college : XXXX XXXX XXXX opened on XX/XX/XXXX, last active on XX/XX/XXXX.
Recently tried to see if a business I owned was eligible for business credit on.
This process was never explained to me.
XXXX XXXX XXXX 6.
I already disputed this charge with XXXX, XXXX XXXX XXXX, XXXX XXXX XXXX, and now Maury Cobb Attonrey At Law LLC wants me to dispute.
but they refused they had me on mute for 4 hours which was hurtful I have a perfect repayment record.
It seemed strange to me that such a website ( that appears to sell women 's hair products ) would be selling a printer, but I took the chance.
The Education Loan I am referring to is in the total amount of {$6700.00}.
showing opened it is closed only account is mine is XXXX and XXXX inquiry is not mine sent in XXXX police report and federal trade commission avidavitplease removed from credit report.
Thank you for your attention to this matter, XXXX XXXX ( XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX )
This statement proves the payment to XXXX XXXX XXXX  cleared my XXXX  account and was processed by First Community Mortgage ( See attachment :
We are in dispute right now and my original lender has been trying to work on my behalf to correct these errors to no avail, even though my original lender sees the errors, but has been unable to explain to me why this is so.
I made an attempt to file a police report, but I was informed by my county that it did not constitute as an emergency and that they would not file the report because I didn't have any information on the person who used my information, nor did I know how my information was obtained by this person. 


XXXX is not involved in the collection of your account.
On XX/XX/2021, XXXX XXXX, a Wealth Relationship Manager at Citibank, informed me of a promotion going on at Citibank ( deposit {$50000.00} into a Citi XXXX account and receive a {$700.00} bonus later on ).
I still have not heard back on the problem.
Websters refusal to allow access to my funds is causing me severe financial hardship.
Equifax is reporting a duplication of an auto loan that I am the co-buyer on with my grandmother.
I stopped the refinance process with another lender because I believed I had a closing scheduled with Freedom Mortgage.
People need to be measured by their Debt to Income ratio.
It's because the credit bureaus are actively fighting back on a daily basis against my legitimate paperwork, the facts they can not deny and the knowledge I have developed about how each on of them play their games to block you from being able to recover fully from anything so that you have to keep paying them to ensure you havent let anything slip by. 


Do I have any recourse to have the information reported correctly?
I did not agree to pay this amount because I dispute all charges in connection with this account.
Lastnight at XXXX on XXXX
Credit Acceptance didn't tell the truth to the investors when loans were given out.
I also have proof of XXXX violations they also made against me and will be further pursuing monetary Relief.
I previously sent a dispute letter addressed to the Credit Reporting Agencies on XX/XX/XXXX, with complete attachments of my personal information as well as the XXXX I received from the FTC, requesting the removal of the disputed accounts and information from my Credit file that are completely unknown to me.
I was contacted on XX/XX/XXXX from Meade and Associates via phone call in regards to a supposedly unpaid medical debt from XX/XX/XXXX and XXXX of XXXX.
This is affecting my credit, one, because its not my loan, and two, because of the terms and conditions ( balloon, erroneous loan amount, illegal amount of deferred interest ).
I am requesting that the accounts and inquires be deleted upon receipt.
At the end of the term in XX/XX/XXXX, I returned the vehicle to the dealership located at XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX, XXXX XXXX, CA XXXX.
THIS IS AN ERROR
Wells Fargo has erroneously applied two of the payments towards regular payments.
The bank representative stated that this rarely occurs, only on a 3-way phone call, and that she personally had never heard of it happening for a {$27.00} payment. 


Again, how did the credit bureaus validate this amount?
These supposed creditors and the 3 main credit bureaus have had 81 days to respond to my legal demands and have failed to do so.
I called customer service at Citi and they read off the letter I was already sent and were of no help. 


Documents have been submitted to all credit bureaus.
Then they withdrew more than XXXX individual withdrawals of {$39.00} on some sort of an XXXX XXXX card.
I was told I owe no obligation.
Pleases remove extended fraud alert from my credit report Attention please remove extended fraud alert from my credit report.
The lease company is call XXXX XXXX, XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX, IL XXXX, ( XXXX ) XXXX.
I have applied for a loan modification with Nationstar Mortgage several weeks ago and have since received on XXXX/XXXX/16 a letter dated XXXX/XXXX/16 letting me know what they are waiting on. 

A copy of section 605B of the Fair Credit Reporting Act, which requires you to block the fraudulent information on my credit report resulting from identity theft within four business days and to promptly notify the furnisher ( s ) of that information. 

Rentals.
Also you stated that the XXXX used their creative minds to come up with the story that how they do n't know someone else gave me {$3000.00} and I got another cashier 's check.
Has been notified twice that I am not the person for the debt they are trying to collect.
They show up in activities and months later they disappear I've complained to the manager, and I still don't have an answer. 


Oportun Inc, XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX, Calif XXXX Inquiry on Credit Report address, rate there " Bogus ' complaints e mails-
When I started questioning that decision and requested to speak to a manager, he became irate and ended the call.
XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX , Santander Consumer USA and XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX have reported late payments to the 3 credit reporting agency.
And no one ever called me back.
We did not know this until we went to sell the vehicle that HFC had purchased XXXX, but HFC did not keep the accounts separate they added the car loan as a remortgage, So that is why they still have us owing XXXX for a house mortgage.
**** XXXX {$8100.00} Balance updated XX/XX/XXXX XXXX late payments Account Info Tap labels for more details Account number XXXX Account status Open Date opened XX/XX/XXXX Account type Installment account XXXX XXXX XXXX # XXXX XXXX, XXXX  XXXX XXXX XXXX )
I contacted commerce and they basically said, " we told you on the XX/XX/2017 invoice we would charge you and so you should have unsubscribed then ''.
Ive been checking my online account every few days since and nothing has changed.
XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX, DE XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX, UT XXXX I filed for Bankruptcy in XX/XX/XXXX after trying to avoid it for two years due to the family hardship I endured while XXXX.
Upon a request of THE student, " General Forbearance is decided by the LOAN SERVICER '' " if the student is temporarily unable to make [ your ] scheduled monthly loan payments for the following reasons : & Financial difficulties ; & Medical expenses, & Change in employment & Other reasons acceptable to your loan servicer ''. 


mail payment-
I have filed a dispute with XXXX, Transunion, & XXXX   about information being reported on my credit that is not mine.
Now I have an inquiry on my credit report which is adversely impacting my credit score.
If Im only to speak with the Law firm then they should be the ones reporting and not portfolio.
I borrowed {$800.00}.
I opened a BMO cash back credit card in XXXX.
Dealership also kept my warranty cancellation refunds and charged additional monies to the loan.
Any help that you could offer in this matter would be greatly appreciated.
She had to get a Supervisor approval and processed my payment of {$1900.00} for XXXX and XXXX.
Someone just added XXXX names inbetween my first and last name.
I was in the process Of buying my First Home For my Family.
Nor unfounded what I saw in XXXX XXXX is not normative PNC customer service, it is certainly not what Ive come to expect from your leadership team. 


The List of accounts below has violated my federally protected consumer rights to privacy and confidentiality under XXXX XXXX XXXX. 

My email is XXXX XXXX
There is no reason I should be harassed and continuously receive bills on a closed account.
During that time
I complained previously to CFPB and Genesis Financial Card Services responded that this did not happen.. its happening again!!
I want to pay my debts, and I want to work with this company to make my debt payment manageable.
XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX, PA XXXX ( XXXX ) XXXX.
They said someone would try to reach me tomorrow.
( ATTACHED ). 

Aside from incompetence, I have advised Wells Fargo it seems that they are making this abnormally difficult for us to resolve and I feel that they are trying to take my home from me
XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX  XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX  XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX I lost my Capital One credit card then I report a list of fraudulent charges then they sent new credit card then place back all the charges back to my account.
These accounts appear to be furnished by the same creditor
on XX/XX/XXXX I submiited to Transunion, XXXX and XXXX a dispute letter asking if they can investigate inaccurate errors on my report and if they can please remove it.. 
acs/well XX/XX/XXXX payment status was in correct they never made any changes gateway/ XXXX paymnt status inaccurate never removed it or corrected it XXXX XXXX  XX/XX/XXXX date of last pymnt inacurrate never corrected it or removed it navient is reporting the wrong amount, dat opened is wrong and dates reporting wrong.
The bureaus have exceeded their statutory time to correct the issues and even attempted to mislead me.
When I last spoke with the XXXX Representative he has told me I am not the only person who has been having this problem he also said that there is a website I can go on to see this but does not have that information of how I can login when I called Lincoln tech today its XXXX  and XXXX told me he does not have that information does not know about that.
I called and spoke with someone in  XXXX  at the company and they told me they were no longer liable for the collection and it had been purchased by a lawyers office, I was told that the collection would be removed because they were longer liable.
15 U.S.C. 16818-2 ( A ) ( 1 )
My wife is XXXX and we would like to move before XXXX.
I just checked my credit report and noticed my credit score has decreased with this re added account being listed as a brand new account in XXXX when it is not a new account and it's not my account.
One of our checks was stolen from a payees mailbox and cashed.
I understand the state of Tennessee allows, I believe, up to 8 phone calls per day, however the FDCPA does not allow for harassment.
I never received validation from collector after several attempts, I just received a printout.
However, they did not validate nor verify the debt.
We have a brand and we sell physical products in XXXX and other online marketplaces, including our own store.
At that point, we realized that we had been fraudulently sold an airline ticket and reservation which I could not use in its dishonestly presented form such as fictional airports, inappropriate addresses given for boarding airports, inaccurate or phony address given for the location of connecting flights, and mislabeled city and state identification.   
I have contacted all of the credit bureaus in regards to my 4 accounts that I have on my file that qualify to be removed under the new law.
No indication Pin number was compromised.


Why would i even want them to run my credit when i already have a great APR, from my credit union, knowing that they are not going to be able to match it.
The bank wants to foreclose the mortgage to the amount of {$900000.00}.
Our detriment is not only the deposits and turning away other lenders but also the expenses incurred in inspecting the house and moving to close and the time we will have wasted if we do not close.
and Ihave send in a complete Identiy Theft package on number of occasions.only to have it ingnored
I never gave permission to access my credit report and perform Hard Inquiries to the companies listed here. 

There is no easy way to communicate with these people. 

After explaining the situation to the officer with the loan company, Credit Acceptance, on the phone.
Currently, that account shows up as a " settled '' account even though I had been making on-time payments and still have till XX/XX/2023 to complete the payment before the 0 % APR ends. 


+
I cancelled the services and I am still being billed for services and an early termination fee that I did not agree to receiving.
The first red flag was that it took two months to get Ocwen to acknowledge my property insurance policy number.
On XXXX I send a copy of my bank statement to the local branch.
It is now XX/XX/2022, and XXXX XXXX has not been able to assist me to get my money back and no one has contacted me.
Loan # XXXX
would like to get interest better and see if can change it to just me and he be cosigner.
XXXX, you had me.
Due to expensive medications I am on funds will not always be in my account.
I spoke to XXXX on XX/XX/XXXX and they advised me that they updated my report on XX/XX/XXXX with the correct information that I never missed a payment but XXXX XXXX had done another report that I was delinquent on XX/XX/XXXX.
I have an unverified account from XXXX XXXX and XXXX XXXX.
I disputed the collection again in XXXX.
Please block this information from my credit report, pursuant to section 605B of the Fair Credit Reporting Act, and send the required notifications to all furnishers of thisinformation.
After that happened we again closed our account.
I disputed it and even went and got a police report due to fraud.. and the creditor is still stating there is nothing that they can do because the account is sold to someone else ...
They found out that they were missing some of our information because their teller misplaced our checking account information.
SATISFIED, REOPEN CREDIT CARD, INCREASE TO XXXX CREDIT LIMIT SETTLEMENT CHECK {$24000.00} email me at XXXX for mailing address for settlement check XXXX :
XX/XX/XXXX, XX/XX/XXXX, XX/XX/XXXX, XX/XX/XXXX. 

So, yesterday I sent them an e-mail to XXXXXXXXXXXX with my membership information and requested that they cancel my membership immediately.
They are authenticating me by sending an email with a XXXX digit code.
My last conversation with a Nationstar manager today indicated that they have an e-mail ( which I never received ) explaining why my request was denied.
But things got worse! 


I want this removed from all credit reporting agencies.
I live alone and desperately need some direction as to how to make this stop.
When me and XXXX XXXX XXXX payed and signed the lease XX/XX/XXXX of 2021 we would not have to pay rent again until XXXX.
I havent applied with banks or any financing company.
I reported the issue to my bank, issued a stop payment immediately and submitted several disputes.
This is my final and last written instruction that I demand you remove the following unauthorized accounts & data immediately to prevent further legal proceedings : - XXXX XXXX account opened XX/XX/2019 account number :
In accordance with the Fair Credit Reporting act the following companies have violated my rights : 15 U.S.C 1681 section 602 A. States I have the right to privacy.


I requested a manager and was told that all managers were in a meeting since noon and I was on hold for 30mins until a manager was reached ( total wait time was 57mins.
Best, XXXX
Coinbase owns XXXX, and it promised that " Bank wire transfers may be credited to your XXXX  account on the same day if submitted by XXXX PT.
There are unknown hard inquiries on my credit report.
They have failed to provide a copy of any alleged contract or other instrument bearing my signature after being requested to validate.
I received a debit card from CHIME bank on XX/XX/2021.
without my consent havnt heard nothing until now. 

I demand to be convinced ( as mandated ) that you can adequately evidence in requisite precisely how the misinformation come to take place if even at all, with my knowledge AND authorization in writing of any person/ persons/ or entities that might be irrefutably responsible or even that I factually received any money, goods, or services as a result of the disputed misinformation of INACCURATE MISINFORMATION/ UNVERIFIABLE & INVALID INFORMATION/
I am bedridden diagonised on the last stage of XXXX I cant walk I cant move I cant do the basics in life.
I also filed an internal complaint with BOA on XXXX XXXX & XXXX, 2016.
If anything -- I was told this would be corrected.
This is XXXX XXXX, who is submitting this CFPB complaint myself and to inform you that there is no third party involve in the process.
-- I also made a lot of purchases from XXXX XXXX to XXXX XXXX, XXXX ( which appeared on my XXXX XXXX statement but still count towards the quarterly bonus since they were " earned '' XX/XX/XXXX ) that earned me XXXX more points Therefore, XX/XX/XXXX, I earned XXXX + XXXX + XXXX + XXXX points, which adds up to XXXX points.
I am still getting calls from one XXXXwho said that I should call her to discuss the amount I am allegedlyowing capital One.
XXXX XXXX XXXX ( Inquiry date XX/XX/XXXX ) has violated my rights XXXX XXXX XXXX ( inquiry date XX/XX/XXXX )
I recently opened a Suntrust checking account with the " XXXX XXXX XXXX Debit Card '' that offers a sign up bonus " Earn XXXX bonus miles after your first PIN Point of Sale or signature-based purchase ''.
My current income is {$3000.00} per month.
That was 2-3 weeks ago.
In short, I am being penalized for the bank 's willful misconduct!
She stated the US office closed at XXXX she then confirmed that the account was Charged Off and closed on XX/XX/2019 the same day, they told me to make the fist payment which was due on XX/XX/2019.
I have been charged with a missing key on XX/XX/XXXX for {$400.00}.
I told the bank I do not know this company and I did not order anything from them.
# # XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXXXXXX Balance : {$150.00} XXXX XXXX XXXX ( Original Creditor Name XXXX XXXX XXXX )
The problem is that I've never been to XXXX
XXXX XXXX XXXX XX/XX/2020 Ive asked for a manager call back from the XXXX
15 U.S.C 1681 section 602 A. States I have the right to privacy.


I am in the process of getting a divorce.
I spoke to XXXX XXXX.
Now they are saying the XXXX payment is missing they are recommending I pay them again while they locate the lost money which they have already cashed. 


XXXX AT ( XXXX ) XXXX X XXXX.
The loan maturity or due date is XX/XX/XXXX, approximately 9 years from now.


2.
I have tried many times to get this verified with no such luck.
I have a private student loan with ACS 9 % interest rate since 2007 I pay XXXX a month and the payments only go towards interest which I cant even afford
I reminded them I still needed to pay for lunch and the hotel that night.
 
I even filed a complaint with the Arkansas Consumer Protection Bureau as well but never got an answer from the Arkansas Financial Protection Bureau in the year of XXXX it was filed through the Attorney General Office in that year of XXXX.
I was unsuccessful in disputing the information online.
As to my research I am no longer liable for the alleged debt.
We were told that they had just taken over an account for an outstanding balance from when my son moved out of his apartment in XXXX, Florida in XX/XX/2018.
This is inaccurate due to FAY Servicing referencing the conventional loan is not protected because they are citing the ; CARES Act Mortgage Forbearance which is different from Cares Act Amendment to the Fair Credit Report Act Section 4021 of the CARES Act modifies 15 U.S.C. 1681s-2 ( a ) ( 1 ) of the FCRA by adding subsection ( F ).
He was totally disingenuous to meet his own agenda, deciding that he could decide who we got our loan with. 

Finally, on XX/XX/XXXX, I notified them that theyve missed too many deadlines and directed them to cancel the order.
Per bankruptcy guidelines, I was never late on these payments and should have never been reported as late since I was covered under the bankruptcy laws.
When I called for an explanation they tried to " explain '' that according to their records that amount was still owed and so it was retained.
Im not sure how this happened, I have always made my payments on time to you when I received my statements.
Its been over 45 days and Experian havent respond to my request as they are required to by the Federal Credit Reporting Act.
You may use the form below or write to us without the form.
I have decent credit and should not be liable for something I didn't do.
I will have to move out and rent it to keep it.
They can keep denying me indefinitely. 

I have never to my recollection received any benefits of product, services, or otherwise real or imagined due to the aforementioned causative possibilities of misinformation.
In 2020, my XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX from a computer I bought from XXXX.
XXXX XXXX - XXXX/XXXX/XXXX XXXX.
In addition, they have also stated that they are an attorney, making threats to arrest me, garnish my wages, bank accounts, and sue me. 

Currently, the late payments for XXXX and XXXX are still on my credit reports, even though XXXX XXXX XXXX recognized the mistake that had been made on their part by continuing to keep my account open.
15 U.S.C 1681 Section 604
I completed all the requirements to earn the bonus, which was supposed to be awarded within 90 days of completion.
We've asked for itemization and contracts and have technically received both.
The laptop was tide to my XXXX College in XXXX SC portal using breached email address XXXX and XXXX.
I call on XXXX and they tell me it should have taken place just waiting on visa to reverse the transaction.
Except as otherwise provided in this section, a consumer reporting agency shall block the reporting of any information in the file of a consumer that the consumer identifies as information that resulted from an alleged identity theft, not later than 4 business days after the date of receipt by such agency of ( 1 ) appropriate proof of the identity of the consumer ; ( 2 ) a copy of an identity theft report ; ( 3 ) the identification of such information by the consumer ; and ( 4 ) a statement by the consumer that the information is not information relating to any transaction by the consumer.
The XXXX XXXX XXXX account is still open, active, and in good standing.
Even though I called them multiple time to resolve the issue.
The account below is not mines.
The Financial Institution has a legal obligation to conduct an investigation.
The final bill came with cost stating I owed them {$110.00} dollars to close out the account.
On XXXX I called and after being transferred around for over an hour and being told that I did not receive the bonus because it was not attached to my account, I did not make eligible purchases, and I was not enrolled in the correct reward program which they set up for me.
I spoke to Chase : XX/XX/XXXX- Received an email about a fraud charge.
I received a copy of my credit report and notice that an account ( collection ) was added on my credit report causing my Transunion credit report to drop drastically.
The original Application or contract ; 2. )
Failure to respond satisfactorily within 30 days of receipt of this certified letter may result in a small claims action against your company, seeking {$1000.00} per violation for : 1. )
i am becoming vry very sick and had to go to the XXXX due to this whole situation with the bank.
Experian is putting in the credit system that I have an record public with " XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX.
I care about my credit and have a great relationship with all my creditors.
State law may impose additional requirements on furnishers.
15 U.S.C 1681 section 602 A. States I have the right to privacy.
XX/XX/XXXX : After receiving past due notices for XXXX and XXXX payments I contacted customer service and was transferred to loss mitigation and loss mitigation said my payments were misapplied and explained I had to email XXXX I sent an email that day explaining the situation ; I asked to speak with a supervisor and loss mitigation told me that my mitigation processor would contact me via phone by the end the business day ; I never received a return call XX/XX/XXXX : Contacted loss mitigation to follow up and I was told that my payments went all to escrows and that I had to contact the escrow department and the only thing they could do was put another 3 month forbearance on the account to allow time to get the issue resolved ; I contacted the escrow department and there were not payments applied ; the escrow department transferred me to the customer service department where I had to explain the situation again ; this time a supervisor was contacted and the supervisor stated that when my account was released from loss mitigation the due date was set to XXXX not XXXX and this is why all of my payments were posting one month in arrear.
I have requested a paper copy of every statement and have walked to the bank branch in person to print my recent statements.
Telling me that I need to lower the loan amount I am applying for and also pay off my existing credit cards. 


How can the borrow suffer from the company errors and the title company that they use.
I do n't understand XXXX points in 10 days with no activity except payments made on my credit card and my truck.
He noted that this was his late wife 's account. 


This of course was not possible as USAA closed my internal accounts, which caused a 0.5 % increase in my APR as auto pay from a USAA account was a condition of receiving the lower APR.
The bank fails to acknowledge that the package was never delivered to me at anytime.
I applied for a Citibank XXXX XXXX account on XX/XX/2020.
Three calls from XXXX and once from XXXX.
I am attaching a copy of the back of the fraud check that was cashed without being endorsed by the company it was written out to. 


They stated that I needed to contact the man to attempt to get the money back from him or contact the local police in order to escalate the matter and that I could reply to them with further questions.
1st
I AM THE VICTIM OF ID FRAUD AND HAVE BEEN FIGHTING AND BEEN HAVING SOME OF MY FAMILY MEMBERS HELP ME CLEAR MY NAME.
Attempted transaction again still declined, due to nature of online purchase and coronavirus I tried to change from 2 to 1 item, still declined.
I received a letter from XXXX XXXX on XX/XX/XXXX and they are now saying the amount I owe is {$1000.00}.
EQ was advised to include my current address and to remove about 5 erroneous address that were not mine. 

The Credit bureaus stated my account was properly investigated but how is that possible If the information presented in the complaint is inaccurate?
I'll bring you a ton of professional business from like-minded individuals.
However this is different from what mentioned in the card member agreement. 


Since Im a stickler for research, I found that under section 605b of the FCRA the credit bureaus are required by law to remove & block any accounts or information which is found to be opened due to identity theft.
However All Under penalty of perjury, I swear this account is false and misleading Under 15 U.S.C. 1681i ( 7 ) Method of verification this account is in violation it was reported without valid evidence Under 15 U.S. Code 1681e ( b ) and 15 U.S. Code 1681i ( 5 ) this account in violation not reporting 100 % accurate.


( XXXX XXXX XXXX )
Applying for a re-fi of mortgage.
I spoke to a representative from XXXX and my account was never supposed to go into collections.
There are others who have been I feel swindled by this company.
I am a Senior Citizen and on a fixed income and I am being taken advantage of
I took few months off from studying and called Navient to see if I can postpone my payment because I was planning to return to my studies in less than two months.
On Wednesday XXXX, when I had a chance i called the bank where i received this money but i had no luck reaching anyone.
is my stepfathers credit being run?
equifax breech shows you that its time to modernize your system of allowing credit based on nominal information that can be easily scraped and hacked. 


Contact was made in XX/XX/2019 for the following accounts : XXXX  XXXX XXXX {$110.00} XXXX XXXX {$1500.00} Acct # XXXX XXXX XXXX {$300.00} Acct # XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX {$560.00} Acct # XXXX XXXX XXXX {$710.00} Acct # XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX {$780.00} XXXX XXXX XXXX
Specifically, the e-mail at issue requested me to provide confirmation regarding the XXXX Bank Accounts : ( i ) owners name, ( ii ) account number, and ( ii ) the currency of the account. 


The below information in my credit profile is having damaging effects on my credit standing.
Within the time frame of no less than 15 days.
In that second conversation, she advised me the terms that FHA would give- and added that a {$40000.00} XXXX lien is going to be, no she stated exactly that, " a XXXX lien has already been filed on your house for {$40000.00} '' when I 1. was not even late with a payment and reached out to them in an effort to be proactive and not reactive 2.
EQUIFAX WHY?
My understanding with credit cards, especially AMEX is that the consumer is not responsible for fraud charges, as such, I am reaching out to your bureau to help me resolve this " nitemare of a problem ''!
I was told that they don't deal with that directly, that the department of educaiton does.
On Saturday, XX/XX/2016, my son deposited a cashiers check for {$2400.00} into his Chase checking account.
I finished school 12 years ago.
I also noticed on the USPS account there was some STI for 28 wheeler trucks tide to the account as if someone was using my vin number on vehicle to embezzel products illegally, import and export products, medicines etc.
Last Fall, I submitted a complaint to the Michigan Attorney Generals Office indicating that amongst other things, Ally was fraudulently trying to collect for damages to a turn in leased automobile.
Toyota listed MSRP at {$41000.00} and the dealership sold it to me at {$45000.00}.
Is that not long enough since my last delinquency?
We need help and people that work at Navient need to be investigated and fired for misconduct.
They have also been harassing me saying that now man wants me because I am upset and then they have misquoted the law, which I have to outline for them in writing.
My payments have consistently been on time.
and she stated because your account is 49 days past due.
When I call NFCU, I am told they are still working on the dispute, despite the fact I filed the dispute for both charges at the same time.
I want to never be called by these sharks ever again.
I am asking you to intervene on my behalf.
On XX/XX/2022, I received a call from my employer indicating National Management Recovery Corp. contacted them with a case number to appear in court about three cases being brought against me.
I went through  XXXX , several   XXXX   XXXX   XXXX   and multiple  XXXX .
I then called asking for assistance and they told me the only way they could help me was to go delinquent on the loan and after I was delinquent for 30-60 days I could start the modification process, which I did. 

I have been trying to reach dealership personnel in person, phone and email and they do not respond.
I have requested any and all supporting documents from XXXX and they have been unable to provide any supporting documents even after XXXX  disputes and several hours of phone calls.
Most Recently : - I submitted a new modification request and received confirmation that it was received and complete. 

Somewhere, in between all of this, we spoke with XXXX ( with an " A '' ) said that there were insufficient funds, which has been refuted by the woman we speaking with now. 


I contacted XXXX, ( XXXX  XXXX  XXXX XXXX XXXX ) who bailed me out to saved my home.
I have contacted support however I am only getting a automated message oppose to getting in contact with someone who can help me.
She told me the last time the card was used was XXXX.
I had no idea until I logged onto my capital one account and notice that my funds can not be used until verification of the activity which i understand in protecting me.
I could hear him whispering and then people laughing in the background and then I became upset.
I mailed the attached enclosures to the three major credit reporting agencies disputing the negative report on my credit record.
Called back three weeks later to get a status
h.
Additionally, formally concur that you adhered to all provisions of the FDCPA or applicable laws after my term of enrollment as a student.
Now I do n't even care about the  XXXX   XXXX   XXXX  but    Chase  has hit my credit twice
A section 2 : it also states a consumer reporting agency can not furnish a account without my written instructions.
I understand that under Section 6 of RESPA my lender is required to acknowledge my request within 20 business days and must try to resolve the issue within 60 business days.
8.
XXXX XXXX, XXXX  sent the following message at XXXX AM View Warrens XXXX XXXX, XXXX XXXX XXXX, XXXX  XXXX AM You can stop calling as it is harassment.
The promissory note that I signed to get the loan is actually a credit instrument that was used in order to grant bookkeeping entry into the loan account which is equivalent to money.
I disputed several transactions related to the sale of the car.
no one is taking notes ...
We were out of town for my grand baby funeral.
XXXX was not able to open the account due to the freeze.
I have had to close my XXXX account which I will have to pay the {$200.00} fee.
False or misleading representations 15 U.S code 1692f-Unfair practices Under 15 U.S code 1692k civil liability
This information does not relate to any transactions I have made.
In a nutshell ...
There are other people who are in the same situation as me, XXXX, and they have already been refunded.
I had to have a certain score!
The effect is that Wells Fargo is reporting inaccurate payment and balance history.
I want XXXX XXXX  to lose all of my contact information, stop selling a debt that can't be collected on, and notify every collection agency they sold it to to leave me alone and remove any negative information from my credit report.
They refused and said what is reflected on my credit report is correct.
I have never lived in apartment XXXX nor does that address show up on my credit report.
My account was overdrawn by XXXX cents.
Each was through my Discover card account.
The agent " XXXX '' also told me that I could not get the fraud alert removed.
I demand to see hard solid proof from the creditor bank account that i didnt pay and was marked late because this clearly a billing error. 

Ive explained this numerous times and they continue to call despite accepting payment.
I have been dealing with this for a whole month now and the accounts are XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX  XXXX, XXXX XXXX, XXXX XXXX, XXXX XXXX, XXXX, XXXX XXXX, XXXX, XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX.
I learned that there has been widespread fraudulent activity among Ally customers and I am confused as to why Ally has not been transparent about this information.
The sale price was {$230000.00}.
15 U.S.C 1681 Section 604
Per federal law states that any corporation whom willfully fails to comply with the requirement of 15 USC 1681n is liable to the consumer in the amount of {$1000.00} per section 1681 ( n ) ( a ).
This is the second increase they have reported in a month and no new loans have been taken out and I have payments of XXXX a month.
Now I tried for months everyday to solve thos, but they all just kept giving g the run around and I started getting the feeling all they were doing was trying to make time pass, so they could either update their terms of service, or wait for expiration dates to pass.
When I asked him why I wasnt allowed to use this new program to cover the new {$28000.00} closing cost, he asked me to resend him the information.
The items was XXXX.
KS XXXX INQUIRY : XXXX XX/XX/2021
His answer was not to worry that the payoff had been wire already it was just different department.
I calle d BB & T  when I realized the second occurrence on  XX/XX/17    and was not given an explanation.
my credit went down a lot!
My mortgage was sold twice while I was in the hospital.
I can not get live help with this!
They did n't do it.
Although it was never disclosed to me at any time, they had hidden 2.75 % points in addition to 2.5 % lending rate on documents on or around XX/XX/XXXX.
We closed this card because we began to question the integrity of our contractor.
As a result, there was massive fraud and range of lending violations that negatively impacted the United States housing market that caused a collapse.
Placed on hold again, at XXXX, XXXX informs me that charge-off 's doesn't handle XXXX 's, so she is attempting to get ahold of the BK department again.
In  XXXX  I discovered that my  wife (  now ex-wife ) had been stealing money from me and was not sending in the mortgage payment each month.
I have only one late payment dating back to XX/XX/2018 that I am asking to be removed from my credit reports because of situations announced above.
Complaint ID # XXXX was marked closed as a duplicate by Experian while this specific complaint provided all statements up to date that the prior Complaint ID # XXXX did not consist of.
Thank you kindly for your support to resolve.
I was looking through my report and noticed a vehicle that I returned to the dealership where it's reporting completely incorrect.
This is not mine. 


When I received my XXXX billing statement, XXXX transactions were billed.
I explained that this occurred in the middle of the pandemic.
The Balance History 4.
error message is included in the Attach documents.
I also read where I can get the updated report after you investigate this from the Free Lawyer guy.
We are happy to resubmit the Wire per the terms of the Payoff today for the amount set forth in the Payoff in exchange for a prompt release and satisfaction of the mortgage.
The card was advertised as having 24 months of interest free payments, and users would get 10 % off their first purchase.
I want there alleged accounts in question to be removed from my credit report immediately.
XXXX   XXXX  sister  XXXX   XXXX  had called net spend pretending to be  XXXX   XXXX  and said that money was transferred from her account into my account.
The attorney worked hard on the file, sent every requested document to the bank through the equator.
Now I have received a collection notice from XXXX.
When pressed if this matter will be resolved anytime soon, I was told that it has been escalated only. 


They are further attempting to capitalize on the situation by signing injured parties they are responsible for protecting up for " trial periods '' of their ID protection services.
It has now been 6 months and no bonus has been paid.
The fact scammers can call using a actual bank numbers is insane.
The company can not provide a valid reason as to why this can not be changed
We operate a XXXX  dollar business that generates XXXX in revenue monthly.
A week or so later I made my payment and called yo have the fees waived.
I have been trying to get an FHA home loan.
They asked me to call the Merchant.
There has to be some justice done to get this corrected.
That equals 7 total years.
I was shocked to see accounts that I do not recognize, including companies I've never done business with.
In XX/XX/2020 I called NewRez and told them about the tax lien.
I reported the theft of my identity to the Federal Trade Commission and I also have enclosed copies of the Federal Trade Commissions Identity Theft Affidavit.
( b ) Notification.
I discovered that some of the information on my credit report was incorrect when I reviewed it.
but they want all or nothing.
I then looked at what the payday loan laws of my state were and these loan payback amounts are way above the state of NJ laws on how much a lender can charge in interest.
Everyone from Citibank who I have spoken to has acknowledged that the money should have never been allowed to be debited out while the account was frozen but Citibank refuses to accept liability for this bank error and credit the account.
Thank you for your assistance in this matter Very Respectfully, XXXX XXXX
I was told I was denied a loan because XXXX inputted that I made {$5000.00} a month in bonuses ... as an educator... and was approved conditionally.
The XXXX XXXX stated that XXXX XXXX did not come up with any suspects and that XXXX XXXX could be an Alias. 


With each phone call, I would get a promise to refund my money.
However, the consumer was denied.
BOTH late notes should have been deleted ( not just the one that they deleted ) ...
It seems to me there is a possibilityCapital One 's policy in this regard was intentional to defraud its customers of interest. 


I want to respect the process however, my wife and I are in the process of buying a house and " we are waiting to hear back '' from a personal loan company is not what a lender wants to hear when they are trying to extend to us a couple hundred thousand dollars but can't because of an account like this.
( 8 ), the Consumer is asking you for validation ( FDCPA ).
Bed delivered back to target middle of XXXX.
If your office attempt telephone communication with me including but not limited to computer generated calls and calls or correspondence sent to or with any third parties, it will be considered harassment and I will have no choice but to file suit.
My understanding is they have 4 days to block the fraudulent items on my credit report.
He had previously quoted an estimate of {$1200.00} for the laminate and {$2500.00} for the granite.
I applied for a job with  XXXX  on  XXXX / XXXX / 17   to drive my  own vehicle.  
i have to be pro-active to make sure 1.
I am a XXXX for the XXXX XXXX
Thank you.
In XXXX I contacted CapitalOne to request assistance with payments due to hardship caused by covid19.
There are hundreds of people like me.
I want the escrow shortage removed because it is assessed in error.
Good Day, I am writing to dispute the derogatory credit mark made against me by Home Point Financial.
They were offering a XXXX  loan and the payback was over 30,000.
This is illegal so remove it or verify it with the court system.
I've attached proof for the following account : XXXX XXXX XXXXXXXX
Below is my oft-repeated, simple and specific request.
It is impossible to pay on a Positively reflected balanced debt or charge.
The amount of {$32.00} paid and taken amount of my bank account was not credited to the account.
They continued to call the last call I got.
I called immediately, customer services transferred me to the escrow department, and I requested to speak to a supervisor or manager, I was transferred to the escalation department and I spoke with XXXX, he told me that they have an internal policy when the account is new they have to collect escrows until the account gets maturity, I said my loan was sold to you, I did not choose you, I did not sign any agreement with you, you can not charge me escrow for flood insurance when my policy is already paid for one year, I chose no escrows on the closing documents that I signed, the terms and conditions in my loan does not change from bank to bank, If you have that internal policy you should review the terms on the loan before to buy it, he told me if I dont pay the statement in full I will incur in late fees, and they will report me to the credit bureau XXXX
As my loan is an FHA loan and Truest Bank is the servicer, I am writing to you for help and guidance as to what can be done.
I received a letter back stating the inquires would remain on my report for 2 years.
The tracking from the first set of letters show they were delivered on XX/XX/2020 and the follow up letters were delivered on XX/XX/2020, XX/XX/2020, XX/XX/2020, XX/XX/2020 and XX/XX/2020.
I then received a letter dated XX/XX/XXXX that contained their privacy agreement.
Long story long They tried collecting in the past and realized their mistake apologized made up for it a little then made the same mistake a little over a year later and continue to ruin my credit.
I understand that you should n't be allowed to put an inquiry on my file unless I have authorized it.
After that, the man on the phone informed me that XXXX XXXX secured an additional {$2000.00} to my XXXX account but that was all she could secure.
Second attempt spoke to my son who is the patient involved and was told the wrong amount.
We asked them for a basis for the penalty.
My loan was sold and/or serviced by three different companies since the consolidation ( XXXX, XXXX, Nelnet )
IT IS NEARLY END OF XXXX.
Contacted  CSR  
and I had no right to seek removal at 80 %.
I will take legal action against you if you do not validate this account.
I contacted the federal student loans administration, and was denied a full payment history for my loans, I was only provided with a letter stating my loan is paid off, and the payment history from XXXX when I paid off the {$27.00}.
But if I go and work for the private sector, I will not be able to qualify for loan repayment, and no job will pay me anywhere the amount I would need to pay off {$180000.00} of debt. 


on XXXX XXXX, I called TD Bank of XXXX XXXX to cancel a check for {$4000.00}.
Loan was reported charged off in XX/XX/XXXX after I reported the car was in an accident and a total loss in XX/XX/XXXX they refused to hold the account for the total loss settlement that they were going to receive when I notified them in XXXX and charged interest which is the against the law as the law states finance charges and payments cease when the vehicle has been deemed a loss and is expecting a large settlement to pay the principal balance.
Upon the end of XX/XX/XXXX I was bought out by the new and current owner XXXX XXXX.
I did not receive notification of foreclosure, I found out by walking into a chase branch to make a payment.
My family officially went into XXXX.
PEOPLE HAVE USED MY INFORMATION TO OPEN IT. 

and they took it out of my account even after providing signed contracts from both parties.
I never received and confirmation of the plan terms or new due dates of payment. 

So I called the number and was given the customary prompts and was directed to XXXX XXXX voice mail.
I want to ease peoples pain, and more importantly, work towards addressing the problems with ageism in our healthcare system and society at large.
They are systematically ruining my credit history and I am pleading for help.
Auto insurance report. ''
The accounts are not showing in dispute nor are they removed from my report.
Dear CFPB I would like to put a complaint on the credit agencies and XXXX XXXX XXXX.
My name is XXXX XXXX XXXX my current and only address is XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX,
XXXX XXXX XXXX meeting Time : XX/XX/2022 XXXX PM Duration : XXXX XXXX Join video meeting pls join my video meeting in XXXX mins so we can resolve ur bank stealing my money View XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX )
Being charged a {$15.00} fee to make a payment using my debt card is XXXX % robbery.
I reiterated everything above.
Due to the agreement and me making payments, this creditor is falsely reporting my account as delinquent.
The date i notice it appeared on my credit report was friday XX/XX/XXXX XXXX very next day which was saturday XX/XX/2019 i put fraud protection and freezing on the 3 credit bureau .
I do not have any business contracts with this company.
Now as of XXXX XXXX 2017 it has been added on under a different collections company name PINNACLE LLC/RESURGENT and the amount is {$1500.00}.
She informed me that if my loan was federally backed, which it is, I was protected under the CARES Act.
hello, my name is XXXX XXXX XXXX.
This agency outsources to a callcenter in XXXX, which has been my primary communication.
Otherwise, anyone paying for your reporting services could fax, mail or email in a fraudulent account. 

I disputed the charge and now they are reporting false information to credit reporting agencies which is affecting my credit status.
They are falsely reporting that I have 7 late payments.
I received no alerts.
HOW THESE ACCOUNTS GOT ON MY CREDIT.
XXXX XXXX - I told you Ive never had an account with these people ; Ive never received anything from them and so theyre illegally reporting this on my report so I need you to remove it today, please!


Escalate this to any other regulator or investigative branch of the government as necessary.
I have sent certified letter to the creditors and to all 3 credit bureaus yet no actions was taken in order to resolve this matter.
I went into the store to contract, and the sales rep could not remember ever giving an estimate for granite, so I refreshed his memory by showing him the granite I had previously chose.
So they did not actually fix the error as promised.
A Section 2 : It also states a consumer reporting agency can not furnish a account without my written instruction. 



It is not authorized to fail to validate these reporting accounts as unverified information without providing any proof within the period allowed by law.
I have completed the report and have attached my documents for proof of ID.
The collections notice includes citations for a vehicle and license plate number I've never owned or had registered to me.
Choice Recovery has not responded.
On   XXXX   XXXX   XXXX  , my husband made a reservation to  XXXX , with  XXXX   XXXX  ...  XXXX   XXXX   XXXX  {$610.00},  XXXX   XXXX   XXXX  ...  
While, I must state, that the firm was most cordial, and polite in all my dealings with them, I find that by not providing the debtor with an appropriate invoice detailing the charges, prior to, and subsequent to the court action is in my opinion, while obviously legally proper, because after all they did prevail, not morally or ethically correct. 

I further remind you that you may be liable for your willful non-compliance, as per FCRA 623 ( a )
Fraudulent USAA  checking not closed as requested under daughter XXXX name. 

My dispute came back as verified which is a blatant lie and against my rights under the FCRA.
When I closed my account, there were no remaining charges. 


My information was used without my consent.
I wanted to know what interest rate might be to get a credit card for my mother to use for some upcoming dental work.
I had an accident and was in hospital for XXXX .At
I failed to see anywhere that FABCO is in compliance with 1319.12 ( O.R.C. )
The loan modification approval happened on XX/XX/XXXX with all required signatures dated XX/XX/XXXX.
Also note that the original Creditor account numbers are the same, so I assume that the collections account was sold from AFNI to XXXX XX/XX/XXXX. 


Typically I make my mortgage pmt.
He sent me several emails, including his contact information.
If you do not respond within this time period, per the FCRA, you must remove this negative information.
The house was only 2 years old.
This is not only unjust to me, but it's also concerning, because I've never done or made any of the things you accuse me of.
I want these cards taken off my credit report and a full fraud investigation.
I recently reviewed my credit report, This account was opened without my authorization.
Regardless, the offer shortly after I signed up for the card was for XXXX points after spending {$5000.00} in the first XXXX months ( see attached ).
I can not get certain jobs or apply for certain lines of credit due to this issue.
This particular account situation that is lately filing on my own credit document has a seriously unfavorable relation to my personal ability to obtain a present loan application.
ThanksXXXX  
Hopefully now a human can look at this error and delete this account. 


Please review the uploaded letters.
I went through severe financial hardship after losing my job in XXXX of 2015.
This included designating a new preferred bank account with Paypal.
She wouldn't, and would not connect me with someone who could.
MCM continued to take {$25.00} out of my account each month for the next nine months without authorisation!
Nelnet was servicing my student loans.
4. XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXXXXXX XXXX with ACCT # XXXX opened on XX/XX/XXXX with a balance of {$0.00} -This is not my account.
We received no copies nor summons of the original foreclosure complaint action filed within XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX.
I called Navient and no one was able to help me solve my concern.
US Bank affirmed my request and removed the recorded XXXX and began the loss mitigation process.
In both calls, neither rep to explain how they got the balance as  XXXX  other than it was right.
I never received a letter stating that I have an alleged debt with this company and owe a balance on that account.
but they refused they had me on mute for 4 hours which was hurtful I have a perfect repayment record.
In accordance with the Fair Credit Reporting Act XXXX XXXX XXXX Account # XXXX, has violated my rights.


now XXXX will not answer or return my calls about the debts.
At this time I asked if the payment could come out once a month, I was told, they go by my pay period.
They said they suspended the service in case i wanted to reactivate instead of cancelling service.
I was not notified of the other 2 charges until I received a letter dated XX/XX/XXXX. 

I will be purchasing a car within the next few weeks and I DO NOT need this to affect my purchase. 


I got an XXXX XXXX  visa credit card to get a discount on a book.
( f ) Access to blocked information by law enforcement agencies.
I called the number back on the letter and spoke to a XXXX at Ex XXXX and explained what happened.
file ID # XXXX and XXXX XXXX XXXX file ID # XXXX has been satisfied in its entirety.
They still continue to report these negative fraudulent accounts to my credit after I communicated with the bureaus that I am a victim of identity theft.
section 611 ( a ) states that a failure to investigate these items within 30 days a reason to immediately remove those items from my credit report & it has been more than 30 days in they have failed to conduct a proper investigation.
i make my payments to these criminals and they rip me off more.
Otherwise, anyone paying for their reporting services could fax, mail or email in a fraudulent account ...
I sincerely hope that there is redemption at Credit Acceptance, and I plead for such consideration.
They had continued to add finance charges to a dead person 's bill and refused to pick up the vehicle.
I went to the local branch of Chase Bank and settled all of my credit cards and withdrew my personal funds. 


The people who extended the line of credit at the Pet Store did not properly inform me what I was getting into and Commenity Capital Bank has failed to be responsive to my concerns.
See supporting documents.
so I called on XX/XX/XXXX and even though the service agent could not tell me why the payment never ran or why my payments were being held and not applied correctly he assured me that the matter had been send to 'cashiering ' and the payment would run by morning.
She told me there was nothing more I can do except wait 180 days and all she could do was note my account.
Yet again on XX/XX/XXXX, we received yet, another Partial Payment letter from XXXX.
I reached out to capital one for assistance because due to loss of unemployment relief income I could not make my full car payment.
They just say they escalate and someone will contact but they don't.
Any other name or mispelling should be removed immediately. 


I got credit card offers and was approved for XXXX credit cards. 

Transactions have been fairly small, but steady while we build this business, and the account has never been overdrawn.
However, the Purchases were Paid in Full prior to the due date of XX/XX/2020.
I had to paid this account because the military wanted proof of action.
That freeze applies to government loans and is in effect until XX/XX/2021. 


Appropriate proof of identity of the consumer ;
lets get into this century. 

Account name XXXX XXXX XXXX  XXXX XXXX ; XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXXXXXXXXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX ; XXXX XXXX XXXX. 


On XXXX XXXX I brought a XXXX XXXX
but XXXX-
In which case, the continued reporting of negative information to the credit reporting agencies in connection with the aforementioned accou nts may constitute th e reporting of false information, causing damage to my reputation and future credit worthiness.   
I understand the separation of broker and appraiser as a result of changed policies after the crash of XXXX ; however, there is clearly a problem with this process because there are available Comps for our property.
XXXX Credit bureau has been reporting 14 collection accounts to all the credit bureau after several debt validation disputes.
I would like for XXXX is remove these inaccurate accounts from my credit report because it is affecting my ability to purchace a home for my children.
Wells Fargo or XXXX XXXX sold our phone number to scam debt collectors.
As a result XXXX county adjusted the original property tax bill to represent a prorated amount to reflect 8 months of taxes due or {$1400.00} ( the math ( ( $ XXXX ) XXXX ) - registration fees of {$31.00} ) = {$1400.00} ).
Your failure to positively verify these accounts has hurt my ability to obtain credit.
This was paid by insurance.
XXXX, phone XXXX XXXX XXXXU.S. Bank Home Mortgage, XXXX XXXX XXXX, XXXX, XXXX.
it does not make sense for me to mail my information if she already knows the right person she's talking to.


I live partially with my daughter.
Even if it were submitted to legal for foreclosure XX/XX/XXXX, per the express terms of the Payoff, my company collected from the Seller the correct payoff amount and timely submitted those funds to Mr. Cooper on XX/XX/XXXX. 


XXXX XXXX, XXXX  sent the following message at XXXX AM View Warrens profileXXXX XXXX, XXXX XXXX XXXX, XXXX XXXX AM Ok. 

I am unsure if this was an error on my part or an error on the  XXXX  website.     
NO PAYMENT HISTORY.
We inquired as to why but never received any answer back from XXXX XXXX XXXX.
Several representatives said they were looking at the copy of my driver 's license and cover letter which was included in the packet of documents I mailed.
On XX/XX/XXXX i get a email of a open case because of a delay in my response to a buyer.
And here we are they end the case we complaint with money into our account case closed and took it out
Please block this information from my credit report, pursuant to section 605B of the Fair Credit Reporting Act, and send the required notifications to all furnishers of this information. 


I am XXXX my income is limited now due to loss of medical insurance since XX/XX/XXXX
The payoff indicates the amount to payoff my loan and release the lien ; however, I just checked the records for XXXX XXXX and the only activity has been the release of lien from XXXX XXXX XXXX.
In my opinion they both are less that a XXXX out of XXXX. 


XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX
Late the evening of XX/XX/XXXX and all day on XX/XX/XXXX, I notified my bank and credit card companies.
They copied and pasted a generic response unrelated to my case.
The loans I applied for were all in separate semesters, I never took out more then 1 loan at a time.
The lady I spoke with today said the debt was valid even though I provided the name of my ex husband and information, including but not limited, the bankruptcy filing which included these accounts.
This has caused financial stress on our family for the past three years and my credit is non-existent.
It still showed our home was in foreclosure even though we paid the amount required to bring it current.
I called the customer service about the hold and I was told it is federal regulations and I am ok with that.
Also we were promised a lender credit, there was never a rapid re score so as a result we were locked in at 5.7 interest rate but we're assured we would get a lender credit.
Then I send {$140.00} and I did that in Fri it did not post until after XXXX with XXXX XXXX almost three days.
On XX/XX/XXXX I called and was informed that they had called XXXX  XXXX XXXX ( the receiving bank of this transfer ) and requested the money back and was told no, so I will not be getting my money back.
I'm really not sure what happened.
Sections 616 and 617 provide me with remedy when a credit reporting agency does not comply with the law.
I hereby Opt-Out of any consent obtained to report my nonpublic private consumer information pursuant to Regulation P of the CFR.


I WANTED to pay for my past debts.
The address and phone number for the court with which Experian verified this information.
I do owe a balance of {$2200.00} which I have been paying {$100.00} a month on that balance.
I am filing this complaint myself.
they made us change our home owners policy the way they wanted to be with out us knowing
I decided to get my report pulled and out of surprise there is a lot of things that do not belong to me.
I called Synchrony Bank and talked to two different people to try to resolve this problem, including an alleged bank manager named XXXX, but they refused to fix the problem.
I am in the process of obtaining a residential mortgage. 


As you know, it is also a violation of the FCRA to report inaccurate or unverifiable information on a credit report.
Lender is not honoring the amortization schedule I signed at settlement that shows PMI ending with my XXXX 2017 payment.
They show sending me another {$7000.00} that I did n't receive into the bank.
My mailman told me that an awful lot of people in this neighborhood are receiving registered letters from Ocwen.
I was told that they do not remove anything and that a manager would call me back. 


I am very concerned about the validity and accuracy of the recent investigation done by Experian.
I noticed it when I paid the monthly payment in XXXX.
These findings determine that the assignment of my mortgage recorded with XXXX XXXX Register of Deeds is Null and Void, Inaccurate and incomplete, was robo-signed and falsified and makes the assignment to J.P Morgan Chase N.A. unauthorized and determines that J.P. Morgan Chase Bank N.A. does n't legally have the right to foreclose on my property located at XXXX Michigan XXXX.
They are continuing to report a card loan that does not belong to me a. I asked for the item to blocked and thoroughly disputed, I also asked for validation proof.
I contacted IQ Data International on XXXX after receiving a letter about a debt owed.
Certified mail tracking number sent to XXXX on XXXX/XXXX/XXXX : XXXX.
They tell me they are a debt collector.
I reminded them it was a {$3000.00} transaction, not a {$15.00} one.
A Section 2 : It also states a consumer reporting agency can not furnish a account without my written instructions
I spoke with XXXX XXXX at XXXX XXXX  and informed him that I received another notice from a different agency and he stated that he would note my account and no collection activity would continue.
The servicer 's repayment process on their website is very difficult to navigate.
XXXX ET.
I have no knowledge of these companies and they shouldnt be reporting as I never gave permission for the reporting per Section 1681a -I sent correspondence to the Credit Bureaus regarding this.
Chase also delayed in its process to close on my refinance deal after its appraiser was placed on the watch list.
I did see on my statement I could call TD XXXX Card Services to figure out a mutually beneficial agreement because this has been very stressful.
American Express is reporting an account on my credit report that I am no longer an authorized user on.
Once we recognized the error, we immediately went to the ATM machine and deposited the funds back into the correct account.
I called 3 times in late XX/XX/XXXX, to get my house payment caught up.
I recently reviewed my credit profile and noticed inaccuracies and false accusations and fraudulent accounts
i contacted wells fargo in XXXX when they first did this and they said they couldnt do anything about it because of overdraft that i had.
My complaint regarding TFS is two-fold : 1 ) To be contacted out of the blue by a debt collector about a debt ( a ) on a contract that ended over a year ago and ( b ) of which I never received any prior notification is, if not illegal, then at least incredibly frustrating. 


They continue to report this account as an open active collection account negativity affecting my credit.
None of this information was provided, or conveyed by either XXXX or PennyMac in any capacity.
15 U.S.C. 1681s-2 ( A ) ( 1 )
Theyve caused multiple other scheduled payments out of the payment account to be returned.
All 3 accounts should be removed immediately.
In the memo line showed this was 12 months of car payments.
XXXX XXXX  Please See Attached Ftc Report!!
Most of the time I get dead silence over a voicemail and then a message mid recordeing.
I originally sought a modification of my mortgage due to a drastic reduction of income XX/XX/XXXX.
My credit issues are very specific, these accounts don't belong to me.
I have made several attempts to contact XXXX who told me that the debt was referred to collections.
On XXXX, Customer Security sent email to me stating my account is restricted ( See " Customer Security '' attachment ).
Another letter was sent on XX/XX/XXXX via fax, email and USPS certified mail, again questioning that the documents were not validation of my debt to XXXX XXXX XXXX
15 U.S.C 1681 section 602 A. States I have the right to privacy.


I received a letter from a local court notifying me that Jefferson Capital Systems LLC was granted a default judgment against me. 


TO WHOM IT MAY CONCERN : I am writing to delete the following information in my file.
Im waiting for $ XXXX+ to be returned to me that was stolen.
I thought applying for a mortgage within a few months was counted as only one hard inquiry. 


The below is my sworn statement concerning these credit issues.
The following are incorrect addresses ( not mine XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX, GA XXXX XXXX XXXX  XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX  
The term accommodation includes an agreement to defer XXXX or more payments, make a partial payment, forbear any delinquent amounts, modify a loan or contract, or any other assistance or relief granted to a consumer who is affected by the coronavirus disease 2019 ( COVID-19 ) pandemic during the covered period. )
Tradeline on my report from XXXX XXXX has been closed since XX/XX/2015.
XXXX XXXX XXXX. 

I started making my payments in XXXX of 2014.
I believe I am a victim of predatory lending practices, illegal foreclosure practices, toxic Mortgage-backed securities, violation of Federal Trust Indenture Act.
We even went through a government agency to help us with the process and were denied again.
After that was finally resolved, they continue to report that my account is closed.
he said they confirmed with the national flood insurance that they are entitled to collect escrow for flood insurance, I said, but I already paid for it, is not fair that you want to charge me for the flood insurance when is already paid and you have proof.
He asked his bank and they said " This is not something that is needed or given as the requesting bank can just call them to get the needed clearance '' B of A did not make any attempt to do this yet still had 6 more days before the 13th and their stated availability of funds! 

After that call they unsuccessfully transferred me to some one to start the dispute process and nothing happened no one came on the line for my details I receive emails XXXX XXXX from just answer and get charged XXXX dollars to call them back no one ever answered the phone and cant set up on line due to this place stealing money more money I dont want them I want direct express to give me back my money not in 90 days now
They gave me a different number to call.
Delete this inaccurate account. 

It is my contention that special consideration should have been provided to me due to the highly toxic and predatory nature of the then PICK-A -PAYMENT loan that was peddled to millions of unknowing victims.
I could pay the shortage or my payment would increase.
XXXX )
15 U.S.C 1681 section 602 A. States I have the right to privacy.
I explained to XXXX that I am asking for this verification because my credit score is important to me and I believe it is being unjustly degraded as a result of this account being reported incorrectly on my credit files.
Furnishers have multiple incentives to contribute data to XXXX one of which is for borrowers to make timely repayments.
And even if I were to use every word I know to convey this to a credit bureau agent, whether is be by phone, certified letter, fax or upload- and believe me I do all four.. they seem so desensitized by the day to day attempts at thwarting the system that they are failing an active participating family hard. 


XXXX XXXX XXXX is reporting the account type wrong. 


On XX/XX/2022 i was at work and i received a notification from CHIME bank about a {$1000.00} contest they were having called " CHIMEMONEYGOALS ''
I consistently kept calling and getting the same response. "
A Section 2 : It also states a consumer reporting agency can not furnish a account without my written instructions.


I do not understand why they are abusing consumers
during 2018 I had rare XXXX on my knee which i had to go back home for XXXX.
XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX, has violated my rights.


It took me to a log in screen.
It wasnt until about 3 1/2 years later ( XX/XX/XXXX ) that a Wells Faro Senior VP sent me a letter ( attached ) admitting they had misreported the status of my loan for so long and that they finally made the correction.
Please remove these from my report : XXXX XXXX XXXX, XXXX  XXXX XXXX, XXXX, XXXX, XXXX  XXXX XXXX, XXXX, XXXX XXXX XXXX, XXXX XXXX Inquiries XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX DEPT OF XXXX XXXX
XXXX XXXX overhead costs involved in successfully performing loan modifications involve up-front costs to the servicer for additional staffing, physical infrastructure, and expenses such as property valuation, credit reports and financing costs. 


I've been unnecessarily embarrassed by this oversight on your part or maybe your credit reporter 's part.
Vehicle is upside down XXXX only worth XXXX can not trade with out XXXX and no bank will refinance.
XXXX told me that Loancare has known about my MIHAF funds since XX/XX/XXXX, not XXXX like XXXX said.
We do not have an additional {$600.00} to add to our current mortgage payment.
NJMFA, was willing to help me out and Wells Fargo refuse to except their help, onmy behalf. 


This is the several time I've complained about being a victim of identity theft.
2.
XXXX {$300.00} XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX|Date of Inquiry : XX/XX/XXXX XXXX XXXX|Date of Inquiry : XX/XX/XXXX XXXX|Date of Inquiry : XX/XX/XXXX XXXX  XXXX XXXX|Date of Inquiry : XX/XX/XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX|Date of Inquiry : XX/XX/XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX|Date of Inquiry : XX/XX/XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX  XXXX|Date of Inquiry : XX/XX/XXXX XXXX 
Remove inaccurate, incomplete, unverifiable, unauthorized, or fraudulent negative items from my credit report. 

Inaccurate credit reports directly impair the efficiency of the banking system, and unfair credit reporting methods undermine the public confidence which is essential to the continued functioning of the banking system. 


At this moment I would like to have a final request for analysis before I talk with my own legal counsel to get information on how to handle incorrect and also unverifiable items that are on-going to be approved as real.
11- 30 day lates, 2- 60 days, 4- 90 days and 28 CO 's.
Please help me resolve this issue as soon as possible.
How is it possible that my credit score dropped by 90 points when my credit usage has been reduced from last month, my open accounts are all paid on time and in good standing, my collections balance has been reduced from last months balance.
I believe they are deceptive, and cut many corners.
My auto loan is through Toyota Financial Services.
As of XXXX/XXXX/XXXX Coinbase is holding over {$4000.00} XXXX of our money in their account and refusing to give it to us.
He never came.
Please remove the following items : XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX, CA XXXX XX/XX/XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX, CA XXXX XX/XX/XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX, CA XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX, CA XXXXXXXX
ME on camera signing the ORIGINAL CONTRACT .OR
I felt as if I was getting the run around especially since I had just settled an account with Lowes ( also a synchrony account ).
too ( XXXX )
XXXX XXXX is reporting inaccurate information to my consumer report monthly which is a violation of 15 USC 1681s-2.
Additional, the veracity of the claim hasnt been fully explored beyond a shadow of a doubt ( by me ) that includes examining the subject accounts owner, receiving a full accounting of all charges, full account payment history, reviewing the account contract, plaintiffs evidence of subject account ownership, evidence of plaintiffs attempts to make aware of impending lawsuit prior to filling, determining if plaintiff attorneys is working within Texas or is from out of state, reviewing the statute of limitations for the action- among other considerations. 


E )
I asked for YOU to provide me with the following information.
Clearly, they should have investigated this on their end properly. 


Its obvious that the allegations filed by the accusers ( or to-be plaintiff ) are in clear subterfuge of act, be it in willful disregard of ethical practices or be it done so in ignorance of requisite ethical and regulatory compliant behavior during their accusations, collection efforts and credit reporting of claims.
Further, I certify that I am permitted by FEDERAL and STATE LAW to file this dispute.
It seems like since the pay out wasn't payed all at once they kept the number rolling.
4 ) Verified Affidavit stating that Wells Fargo has no authority to enforce the Security Deed and Note.
Well monitor and keep a record of what you send us.
This went on, back and forth, them asking for more information, me providing it and getting empty reassurances week after week.
First a young lady by the name of XXXX who I was in conversation with was wonderful.
They didn't take my concern seriously at all.
I contacted the electric company on or about XX/XX/2020 to inform them of my moving out of state and to discontinue my service effective XX/XX/2020. 


Then when I sent their response to MD DLLR they indicated that since WU was relying on their policies they could not do anything further.


I waited for them and after the holiday I received noticed that my credit score had come down more than 100 points.
I could not have been more mistaken.
They stated they have already provided me with the letter.
I have a {$0.00} outstanding balance and I spent well over {$1000.00}.
I have good credit, loan current, 17 years as a section 8 Landlord with a stellar record.
However, for the last many weeks I am getting nearly daily calls from an auto-dialer.
This is my second time dealing with a credit bureau.
I feel like Im being taken advantage of.
Freedom failed to send me the process to appeal the appraisal and decision.
CREDCO XX/XX/XXXX XX/XX/XXXX Miscellaneous XXXX.
Initial call, a call center person tried to find out the reason why it was locked and one was not noted.
I will only file a direct complaint with any credit reporting agency if I believe enough evidence has been ascertained showing that the creditor, collection agency and/or public service vendor is in violation of their subscriber agreement with any credit reporting agency.


Hello Dear CFPB I have XXXX Reward with Barclays Company since XX/XX/2013 and with limit XXXX and wanted to have credit limit increase but was turned down which is very unfair in my opinion because i have great credit almost no debt base on XXXX  XXXX and XXXX XXXX.
A Section 2 : It also states a consumer reporting agency can not furnish a account without my written instructions 15 U.S.C 1666B :
This company called XXXX times a day on my residence, business and cell phones.
Since, I have repeatedly contacted the company by phone and chat and have spoken to both representatives and supervisors.
My report is showing XXXX as the servicer for my student loans but the correct company is XXXX and this needs to be corrected.
I have a screenshot of the offer.
XXXX ; XXXX and Transunion are reporting incorrectly a collection on the XXXX XXXX XXXX partial account number XXXX.
Social Security.
I attached proof showing the inaccuracies.
I am requesting validation, made pursuant to the Fair Debt Collection Practices Act and the Fair Credit Reporting Act, along with the corresponding local state laws.
The following account is not mine XXXX XXXX XXXX Account Number : XXXX 6.
I HAVE TO UPLOAD AN ID ( WHICH I CANT DO BEING LOCKED OUT )
XXXX and the credit bureaus should not be permitted to extort such illegitimate payments from me or any other consumer.
I went to the bank again and had them fax another copy and even had the bank call them and talk with them.
A Section 2 : It also states a consumer reporting agency can not furnish a account without my written instructions
Three weeks after it was recorded, they immediately issued a foreclosure notice in retaliation of my previous complaint.
I do not owe any money to XXXX XXXX XXXX.
I asked the supervisor for contact information where i could file a complaint.
Please remove this.
Lastly, Congress states "
XXXX  XXXX XXXX 3.
I tried to call to find out about this since I believe my credit report was requested by someone other than me and they sent my credit to them.
but they were still pending and there was no reason PNC bank could not cancel the transaction in order for my funds to not be taken out of my account. 

Since I filed it has been a struggle to keep the payments, because of my illness, so realizing I could have saved over {$30000.00} really makes me sick to my stomach ...
15 U.S.C 1681 Section 604
In other words we have never been late on any account payments since XX/XX/XXXX. 

They sent me a balance transfer offer with a 0 % interest rate, and I transferred {$5000.00} to a credit card that I owed and I paid back the {$5000.00} within 2 months.
i have almost no debt and my identity was stolen causing my score to drop
On XXXX XXXX XXXX I spke with XXXX XXXX who advsd me of this & stated this qualifies me for a great mod.
XXXX ask me to send my Drivers License ( A Real I.D was provided and a copy of my Social Security Card which I did via fax to XXXX.
This company is SCAMMING people on a large scale!! 

A new case # was assigned, # XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX.
ENHANCED RECOVERY CO., ACCT.
The problem is that each time when I called yesterday I was told I would have to wait AT LEAST 1.5 hours to 1.75 hours to speak with a person about cancellation.
# XXXX Ref # XXXX, has violated my rights and committed fraud on my personal information by attempting to collect a Debt that was not owed by me through the use of a third party Debt collection agency, XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX.
I have screenshots of my Live Chat with XXXX, the representative I spoke with on XX/XX/2020.
I submitted a previous complaint about this discrepancy and issue and credit score drop and I found the discrepancy.
( 6 ) Failure to transmit the statement required under section 1637 ( b ) of this title to the last address of the obligor which has been disclosed to the creditor, unless that address was furnished less than twenty days before the end of the billing cycle for which the statement is required.
The CFPB is charged with enforcing the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act which protects consumers from unfair, deceptive, or abusive acts or practices by mortgage servicers - whether they are a bank or nonbank.
I asked why I am paying interest on a higher amount that the balance I owe?
Stating I broke an agreement.
XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX - Requirements relating to information contained in consumer reports : ( a ) Information excluded from consumer reports Except as authorized under subsection ( b ), no consumer reporting agency XXXX make any consumer report containing any of the following items of information : ( XXXX ) Accounts placed for collection or charged to profit and loss which antedate the report by more than XXXX years.
Except as otherwise provided in this section, the amount of the finance charge in connection with any consumer credit transaction shall be determined as the sum of all charges, payable directly or indirectly by the person to whom the credit is extended, and imposed directly or indirectly by the creditor as an incident to the extension of credit ..., This is a notice of default and an opportunity to cure for XXXX XXXX as the affidavit sent in support of my claim was not rebutted and my demands in cease and desist were not met as failure to provide the information required by TITLE 15 U.S. CODE 1666b.
I'm here to ask for your assistance with regards to my dispute 60 days ago.
( 3 ) Notice.
Today, XX/XX/XXXX, I received an alert regarding my credit reports ; therefore, I login to see a new collection account from the creditor.
XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX Trust assets are being held.
XXXX keeps saying there is nothing they can do and " it 's my problem, '' LoanCare keeps saying they " are looking into in. ''
XXXX XXXX TOL - Account # XXXX ( Reported Identity Theft ) -
I was contact by someone at your agency from Indiana on XX/XX/XXXX at XXXX XXXX  and told we would move the refin to XX/XX/XXXX.
The CRA has locked me out of my credit report even though as a victim of Identity theft I have a legal right to my report.
The website would not let me make the payment, and that I needed to call a representative.   
The condo association will not give back the funds because the ex-wife has not been paying the fees and they want to recover them even though they are taking the money from a XXXX versus the person financially responsible for the property.
I have informed XXXX  XXXX XXXX  XXXX, Nation Service Bureau and XXXX.


( 5 ) A computation error or similar error of an accounting nature of the creditor on a statement.
A copy of contract authorizing such fees and collection charges.
XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX, XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX, XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX, XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX, XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX, XXXX XXXX XXXX ( only reported to Transunion ), XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXXXXXX, XXXX XXXX ( only reported to Transunion ), and XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXXXXXX reported to ( Transunion & XXXX ) has violated my rights XXXX 15 U.S.C 1681 section 602 A. States I have the right to privacy.
My credit application was approved. 


and they refuse to report that I'm making payments and said they do not have to report that I am making payments. 

XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX Balance : XXXX {$6100.00} XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX Date of Last Activity : 4 different dates, even years!!!!!!!! 

I will put the extended fraud alert on my account asap.
For some reason, I realized that there was a late payment on my credit report, I called CAPITAL ONE
( XXXX ) Treatment of inaccurate or unverifiable information ( A ) In general If, after any reinvestigation under paragraph ( XXXX ) of any information disputed by a consumer, an item of the information is found to be inaccurate or incomplete or can not be verified, the consumer reporting agency shall ( i ) promptly delete that item of information from the file of the consumer, or modify that item of information, as appropriate, based on the results of the reinvestigation; and ( ii ) promptly notify the furnisher of that information that the information has been modified or deleted from the file of the consumer.
1. XX/XX/XXXX the company I was working with Sold and downsize, my department was the 3rd tier of lay offs and I struggled for employment.
I demanded new Loss modification documents for signature.
4 )
.I transfer money through my bank'account in XXXX XXXX ( XXXX XXXX .I tried to withdraw my funds four months ago to my subject account in XXXX however I get the same message Quote Payment method unavailable in your region .We
I said of course I will pay in full and will close the account because had I known PayPal was going to be deceitful about information pertaining to their product I would not have applied and risked a credit inquiry going to my credit report records.
He also asked the judge to make a decision on people living in my home without their being there to answer for themselves.
He stated there is nothing he can do.
The lender is claiming that this computer glitch on their end and errors on the Loan and Security Agreements and Disclosure Statements voids the previously signed agreement and that new terms are required.
Did not receive a response or proper resolution.
XXXX XXXX XXXX ( XXXX ) /
I received a letter from Specialized Loan Servicing, saying that if I didnt pay the amount from a reinstatement they sent to my daughter in her email address, they were going to foreclosure my house.
I submitted a letter asking XXXX/ DNF Associates to validate the debt.
When IO finally got a reminder letter it had already been sent to collections around XXXX.
On XXXX, the TransUnion results stated, " New Information ''. 

Credit dropped almost 80 points and changed the rate on my home loan and I had to pay discount points.
I was contacted by the US Dept. of Education XX/XX/XXXX and after calling them back I sent all the forms and documents they requested.
All they are concerned about is making fees off customers and putting it in their pocket.
I would request urgent assistance as these are the only funds I have access to.
they are causing me severe XXXX  and stopping me from getting this job offer n now im XXXX  n cant provide to my XXXX  year old daughter PLEASE HELP ME PLEASE im XXXX  now.with no help.
XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX, FL XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX, XXXX,
My loans have been consolidated.
Verification could be as simple as a phone number address and name all of which are public information and is not the maximum possible accuracy which would mean that you are in violation of the FCRA. 

I need intervention.
I demand these accounts be deleted immediately or i will file for iltigation due to the stress you caused me.
Loandepot reported a payment 30 days late.
I hope you can help escalate the recovery of my funds ( {$12000.00} ) as soon as possible.
This is unacceptable.
I have sent this company letters over and over again since XXXX, 2017 and they have yet to provide me with anything with my signature.
Because Capital One Bank National Association is a non-living non breathing entity, they have misused my extension of living open ended consumer credit ( SSN ) and signature to create a fraudulent credit sale.
I ordered furniture with this card and they immediately closed my card because they said it was fraud.
I do not a delinquent tax/tax lien with the state of Georgia.
I contacted my bank and canceled my debit card and stopped all payments from cash app moving forward.
i said why did the auto withdrawal stop and was told that i only oked 12 months, i oked it until it was paid off.
The credit card account was opened in my name.
I will also be contacting the Attorney General and XXXX XXXX XXXX for other possible violations of the law.
They responded that my balance is {$3900.00}.
Equifax identified a cybersecurity incident on XXXX XXXX, XXXX.
So I faxed in cancelling loan XX/XX/2020 and mailed in the cancellation as well. 


So the failure to provide me with the requested proof of the signed consent that I allegedly gave to your company makes you in violation of my rights under the FCRA.
I am a victim of Identity Theft.
and to protect the consumer against inaccurate and unfair credit billing and credit card practices.
We had problems the year before with misapplied funds, but I do not think our credit was hit through all of that.
This time, the audio recording said that Fedloan no longer serviced my account and that I had been transferred over to XXXX.
XXXX
I have accepted the obligation on behalf of the United States of America and hereby make assignment of the obligation to the United States Treasury Department on behalf of the United States of America as authorized by statute.
Very ignorant, lazy, and poor communication going on in that business.
CFPB publication.
( b ) Notification.
In an effort to understand this debt as I did not have the documents for the suit in hand, I contacted the Small Claims court for a copy.
I actually did them a favor by letting them know that they need to update their terms of service because after calling nonstop by the 3rd week they updated the rules and added my exact issue in their rule book, so that solves my problem on their end.
Someone else 's check was stolen in XXXX on the WA XXXX border.
Every time, the customer service promised they would send a letter with reasons or someone would contact me.
Where should I send my information?
Pursuant to my rights under federal debt collection laws, and under provisions of Public Laws 95-109 and 99-361, also known as the Fair Debt Collection Practices Act, Experian is reporting UNVALIDATED information, which is an obvious violation pursuant to 15 USC 1681a ( fair and accurate credit reporting is essential in maintaining the efficiency of the banking system and consumer confidence ).
I made a purchase at Best Buy using my Best Buy Card and accepted their promotion to receive 0 % interest for 12 months.
On XX/XX/XXXX, I checked and call back due to my payment has not posted.
They have the unverified items listed on my credit report in violation of the Federal law.
She further stated that she take the payment with a draft date by the XXXX of XXXX and that it would allow me to continue to use my card.
15 U.S.C 1681 section 602 A. States have the right to privacy.


I've been working toward cleaning up my credit.
However, these agencies have the balance I owed, which causes my credit score to significantly decrease.
On XX/XX/2016 I filed a complaint about fraudulent loan modification practices by Nationstar Mortgage LLC ( Nationstar ).
Apparently closing a credit penalizes the consumer.
15 U.S.C 1681s-2 ( A ) ( 1 )
They received my letter on XXXX XXXX, 2021.
They are charging me 600+ %
The loan you are attempting to collect on does not exist and was removed from Mortgage Electronic Registration Systems , Inc. on XX/XX/XXXX and has been INACTIVE since that date.
All the lendors except Fast Bucks have graciously worked with me and surprisingly didnt charge outstanding interest. 

I've been trying to get Modification but my servicer has changed 4 times since XXXX.
I disputed this item with XXXX, Transunion, and XXXX and it remains on my credit file.
I was finally able to get the agent to understand I had not made a payment because my previous company sold my mortgage instead of offering me relief options. 


About a month ago I spoke with XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX re : a similar issue ( if not the same issue ) and I paid my debt and CLOSED MY ACCOUNT since I no longer live in the State of XXXX XXXX. 


I asked the new representative how that was possible, and they stated it was the interest and fees that had been collecting on the account.
that not me please remove off my report.
I am contacting you so that PNC checks its own records and properly reflects this {$300.00} received transaction in my account.
Persistence has literally aged me at least a decade..
XXXX Spoke with XXXX XXXX of SMS ( since SPOC not available ) regarding letter dated XXXX from SMS, who recommended sending the letter dated XXXX requesting further forbearance and answering more questions. 

XXXX and I had our first phone call to go over paperwork on XX/XX/XXXX and she confirmed my account had been linked. 


My name is XXXX XXXX XXXX and I am filing this complaint for falsely reporting misleading information.
I go to the same places daily and deal with the same people daily.
I would like to know how someone can build credit if I keep getting denied.
I recently was informed ( after a title search on my property ) that there was some judgement ( I was never aware of ) for Midland Funding.
This consumer reporting agency ( whom I have never heard of publicly ) stated that I did not have a freeze on file with them currently.
This account reports a {$0.00} balance and {$0.00} past due.
This makes no sense - and if it is legal - it is still wrong.
My account stated it was due on the XXXX.
XXXX XXXX - XX/XX/XXXX XXXX - XX/XX/XXXX
I am very confident that you are in violation of the ( FCRA ) and ( FCBA ) sections ( XXXX XXXX XXXX., and XXXX. )
I always pay all my Credit card balances on time but on my Macy 's credit card they have charged {$2.00} interest fee and I was not even aware of that.
Penn Credit has not reported accurate data.
and update my original address and eliminate the old address which this addressXXXX XXXX XXXX # XXXX XXXX XXXX ca XXXX does not received any correspondent mail anymore. 

Fraud scams frauding my great great great grandma and grandpa of serial numbered documents using XXXX XXXX XXXX married to XXXX XXXX.
They had provided a moratorium for this area and that I could apply for the moratorium for 3 months.
In XXXX XXXX, I filed for Chapter XXXX bankruptcy, then got behind with mortgage payments.
I want this late payment deleted from my account within 15 days, this is not mine, I'm not aware of this, Under USC 1666b 1.
Steps I took to rectify the situation with Chase representatives : On XX/XX/XXXX - I sent my first inquiry to Chase via the online help message portal checking on the account sign up bonus that was well overdue and not yet deposited in my account.
Hello.
I was going through my records & noticed many files which do not belong to me.
In response to this they decided to change the name of the company and re-report it as HWarfield instead.
Please investigate these accounts and inquires and update these accounts accordingly to avoid future litigation.
I called in XX/XX/XXXX thinking it was a mistake.
However, XXXX  XXXX XXXX is still reporting this to my credit.
On XX/XX/20
No further request are needed.
The branch manager called XXXX mother back that same day and told her that they would get their money back but she wasnt sure when, so she would call her daughter, XXXX, within a couple of days and let her know more.
I am sending this over because there are fraudulent accounts on my credit report.
Their unethical behavior has had a significant negative impact on my ability to acquire fair credit terms and is causing me serious distress. 

XXXX Account XXXX :
I reported the incident to XXXX on XX/XX/20 # XXXX.
Yet EQ changed the address before obtaining a D/L that they could confirm is me.
that was sent to XXXX.
I work as a XXXX and use my BOA credit card often and exclusively.
***Please note that the FCRA does not permit you to abbreviate or alter the names of these companies, instead you are to ensure the MAXIMUM possible accuracy of ALL contents. 


Thank you, for all your help on this matter. 



On the morning of XX/XX/XXXX I woke to find that my purchase was cancel with NO REASON and per customer advocate XXXX located in the XXXX, AZ location level 1 representative stated he was working from home and wanted to verify my address and telephone and date of birth.
This is unacceptable.
As I am applying for HAMP thru Ocwen since XXXX XXXX, 2015 and I am only 1 month and 22 days late, I am NOT in Default of my loan agreement.
PLEASE PRODUCE ANY and ALL DOCUMENTS that evidence the PURCHASE & ASSUMPTION AGREEMENT between the FDIC-R and JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. included assets of WaMu XXXX XXXX XXXX. 


No provision of this section shall be construed as requiring a consumer reporting agency to prevent a Federal, State, or local law enforcement agency from accessing blocked information in a consumer file to which the agency could otherwise obtain access under this subchapter.
XXXX did not notify me by certified or registered mail of a right to cure and repossession which did not give me the rights to challenge the repossession.
I have been a client of yours since XXXX after leaving XXXX XXXXk.
After allowing time for the modification to be processed, I called Mr Cooper to check on the status of the modification because I hadn't heard anything.
In the springtime I received a call from my mortgage company ( Chase Bank ) and was  given the opportunity to sign up for their payment deferment program.
I called the other day to send them a " Goodwill letter '' and have this account removed from credit report.
when they gave me the call to provide me the GREAT news i come to find out all they did was raise my payments higher by XXXX   dlls.
The report I sending is about the fraud accounts I found on my credit file.
Unbeknownst to me, the automated payment ceased and the minimum monthly payment increased.
XXXX XXXX and experian are COMMITTING ILLEGAL ACTIVITY AND DENYING ME AN INVESTIGATION FOR TWO MONTHS NOW
I have disputed the fraudulent information from my credit report.
Both banks initiate what they call a dispute to remove and delete the account from their systems and the balance.
XXXX  XXXX XXXX XXXXI C SYSTEM ( Original Creditor : 11 XXXX )
XXXX XXXX  XXXX.
After doing so I notice a couple of items on my report that are not mine.
Caliber sold my loan to another company who is telling me theyre going to change my rates and they will refuse to do a refinance I had a refinance scheduled for a Thursday shelter in place started on Tuesday on Wednesday they called me and told me I could not meet in the office to sign the paperwork on my refinance and not to worry everything would be SS in place as soon as we were able to meet again in front of a notary and sign the new documents in the meantime I did do a forbearance with caliber and then I received notices that were over three months old that they had sold my loan not given a proper mailing address to the other company or utilize my proper mailing address the new company Then told me that they didnt have my information updated even though my loan would be officially theres that week but they were several weeks behind in processing that I would have to wait for them to update their system and then the meantime my forbearance had ended early according to them the payment will be due but they could not even except it because I was not in their system.
XXXX is an abusive company.
This seems illegal to me.
I called the credit bureau and had to wait for a copy of this report to be mailed to me.
The XXXX has an extra blank page with an electronic signature of my name. 



And they will not let me reach out to anybody else. 


Anyone who uses a credit report or another type of consumer report to deny your application for credit, insurance, or employment or to take another adverse action against you must tell you, and must give you the name, address, and phone number of the agency that provided the information.
She indicated I should file a stolen credit report with local police and they indicated the report was n't stolen since I had gotten dental work with them.
I even placed fraud alerts on my accounts and I've also sent in my police report to Experian.
The accounts and information listed below should not be reporting on to my consumer report.
Again we followed with a phone call and they continue to argue that we are not at 80 % but believe we are at 82 %.
I had an outstanding medical bill.
He finished the rental agreement and I walked out to the car but got a text from XXXX saying {$280.00} had been deducted from my acct.
I offered to send them the bill and directed them to the county site.
THEN WOULD GO TO XXXX.
Now I find out reason is it was turned over to so.e XXXX XXXX ( yes I just spoke with them ).
I have never applied for student loans.
Upon reviewing my updates, incorrect information was found in my reports.
Please follow the law so that this situation can be settled quickly. 


from XXXX XXXX XXXX.
I checked my email account and saw two emails from Veterans United Home Loans, one of which also stated that I started my home loan process.
I pay my bills diligently and accurately.
I believe it is a bank directive to have their employees bring their collectable numbers up by what ever means.
XXXXXXXX XXXX
We regret we are unable to provide you with a more favorable response this time. ''
I demand that these accounts be deleted immediately as mandated by law, accounts reported on my credit profile should be 100 % accurate and verified.
The company is Transworld Systems Inc that has been hired to collect this balance.
All I want to do is to work with them.
Social Security.
i dont know what else to do.
I have reported numerous disputes to all three credits agencies apprising them of the error made by the UTILITY company XXXX. 


I am hoping that someone else can intervene and help me resolve this issue and finally get it removed.
I contacted XXXX XXXX who agreed this was their error and they had this deleted off my credit account. 


Per NC Mortgage Lending Act, Senate Bill 904, duties imposed on mortgage brokers including to Make reasonable efforts, with lenders with whom the broker regularly does business, to secure a loan that is reasonably advantageous to the borrower.
XXXX XXXX XXXX does not answer their phones.
When I call to check on each respected document with each bureau I am given the " run-around ''.
XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX
XXXX, XXXX, XXXX, AND THE ACCOUNTS LISTED BELOW HAVE CLEARLY VIOLATED MY RIGHTS : XXXX XXXX XXXX ACCOUNT
I realized this immediately and contact Citi to ask how to correct the issue.
And also on my statement it says, total regular payment and under that total unpaid amount.
The one XXXX XXXX credit card I paid off I closed.
I was concerned
Ill wait 30 days and receive my info investigation and noticed everything was still the same.
They have not responded to any of my validation requests, or a XXXX  complaint about them.
In XX/XX/XXXX, XXXX entered into a settlement which reflects a continuation of enforcement actions by the department and its federal and state enforcement partners to hold financial institutions accountable for abusive mortgage practices.
They are telling me that the sale date may still go through which is why I am reaching out to you.
When I sent a formal complaint to their headquarters they cancelled all my cards and claimed it was due to " breaking bank policy ''.
The front page had the amount that I owed only it wasnt {$1900.00} anymore.
The Inquiry Reference Number is displayed above. ''
Even if it were submitted to legal for foreclosure XX/XX/XXXX, per the express terms of the Payoff, my company collected from the Seller the correct payoff amount and timely submitted those funds to Mr. Cooper on XX/XX/XXXX. 


They, like me, had no idea items were charged to their credit card.
Does Experian, XXXX and XXXX have a business partnership with XXXX?
Unbeknownst to me, XXXX altered the maturity date again to terminate XX/XX/XXXX.
Please would really appreciate the assistance. 



This Debt Collection Agency is attempting To Collect On A Debt that is Related to A FORGERY, In Violation of THE FAIR DEBT COLLECTIONS PRACTICES ACT, Also Penal Code 119
Spoke to representative, XXXX, she explained, the {$580.00}, were the late charges/penalties, plus the {$270.00} payment that was not applied to our account on, XX/XX/XXXX.
They never discussed this with me.
Which violates XXXX XXXX of the Fair Credit Reporting Act ( FCRA ) sets forth requirements, called " permissible purposes, '' that must be met before anyone can inquire a credit file.
I also saw that a mortgage company recently made an unauthorized inquiry on my report.
The representative I spoke with on XX/XX/XXXX directed me to write a letter regarding my knowledge of the fraudulent withdrawal transaction from my checking account.
It was never my decision.
When I called, they claim that they sent a communication in XX/XX/XXXX.
I asked what type of form and where is it sent because the courthouse confirmed that they do not verify any information with the bureaus.
XXXX Disputed Item XXXX Incorrect : Spouse or Co-Applicant : A Correct Spouse or Co-Applicant : There is NO spouse and NO co-applicant.
I belief their stragety is to bother me to the point where I will feel so frustrated and I will pay for the depts I do not owe. 

They either have to quit advertising 12 months free financing or advertise that it is 11 months free financing.
My credit issues are very specific, these accounts and/or items do not belong to me.
Title was changed to the primary owner/driver of the vehicle.
There have been numerous mistakes and payment reversals and misapplied payments
Not closing on the loan in a timely manner caused terrible stress for our family and financial hardship, and not reporting this correctly is now doing the same as we start to work on obtaining a mortgage for a new home.
XXXX advised she needed to contact ACH Back Office to get details and would call back.
I was told there is a difference between a Firm hold and a soft Hold.
I was assured this was correct.
and I entered a settlement agreement with XXXX XXXX to pay a settlement of {$1500.00} for deletion.
( B ) Notice of determination.
I am requesting proof of validation for this account.
On XX/XX/2019 I showed up in court at XXXX as directed on summons and plaintiff or representation did not.
For this reason, my payment was made on time, but the {$50.00} late fee was not.
It is my understanding that these kind of cards are to be honored up to 5 years for the date of issuance.
Violation 8.

15 U.S.C 1681q Obtaining my information under false pretense.


THIS IS NOT A DUPLICATE COMPLAINT.
All previously mentioned resolutions are desired and mandatory and are to include every single Appeal Report generated associated with this account to date evidencing an appeal review was, in fact, conducted and completed.
Please take a look at the attached letters and ID docs for verification that it is I XXXX XXXX filing this complaint.
I've done similar things to activate sales from certain places, so I went ahead with it.
On XXXX XXXX, 2016, I received the attached letter in the mail from American Credit Acceptance, dated XXXX XXXX, 2016.
Although I still made payment during this period BOA marked and reported the account past due to credit bureaus without explanation and consideration although a deferrment of payment was granted payment were still made during this period.
Beginning in late XXXX to early XXXX I had purchased XXXX from XXXX XXXX through using XXXX that was linked to my XXXX that was linked to my previous bank account.
I am currently awaiting for their investigations to complete to be advised.
( email dated XX/XX/XXXX ) 2.
The creditor 's failure to reflect properly on a statement, a payment made by the obligor or a credit issued to the obligor.
XXXX XXXXXXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXXXXXX
XXXX XXXX has posted XXXX Inquires in days on my report not authorizing any permission to do so FCRA Section Code 1692g
All i need is a forbearance till XXXX
XXXX XXXXXXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX According to 15 USX 1681 ; I have the right to privacy and I did NOT give Equifax permission to furnish these accounts
A Section 2 : It also states a consumer reporting agency can not furnish a account without my written instructions 15 U.S.C 1681c.
The official witness can be one of the two ( 2 ) required attesting witnesses.
This is saying its from a hospital bill.
XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX
Credit Bureaus have proprietary tools that can identify the very fraud they have allowed, which can easily be sold at top dollar to financial institutions, who unknowingly and unwittingly shell out XXXX for these fraud tools. 

I sent this information to Equifax and XXXX XXXX last year and they still refuse to remove this very damaging and inaccurate information from my credit file.
I have experienced extreme financial hardship due to this, and theres been no effort on their end to try to rectify the situation.
Jefferson Capital System is the company that served me at my home on XX/XX/XXXX for the amount of XXXX.
By XX/XX/XXXX, the prime lending rate XXXX and both lenders were offering 2.625 %.
To meet Chases demand, check writer flew to Delaware and we visited a Chase branch to spend 1.5 hours with a banker in XXXX.
I am a XXXX XXXX who can not afford a financial blow of this magnitude.
I can not understand how this can legally continue.
Then, my wife drove me over to the nearby XXXX where they found that each gift card had a XXXX  balance left within 15 minutes of my purchase.
I am requesting that the charge be removed, that any finance other charges related to the fraudulent amount be credited, as well and that I receive an accurate statement.
PROHIBITION ( A ) Reporting information with actual knowledge of errors A person shall not furnish any information relating to a consumer to any consumer reporting agency if the person knows or has reasonable cause to believe that the information is inaccurate. 

For that reason, I feel it should be removed from my credit report.
Fortunately I caught him, after I paid XXXX with my credit card to the dealer, and his behavior was certainly strange after demonstrating all his lies and illegal practice.
As you know, the FCRA states that all credit older than 7 years should be removed from my report.
XXXX XXXX : XXXX XXXX, Loan XXXX XXXX ; Payoff Inbox x XXXX XXXX XX/XX/XXXX, XXXX XXXX ( 3 days ago ) to me Sending each email individually to you, this is the initial email to their research claims department. 


I am writing to request that you block all the following fraudulent accounts in my files with XX/XX/XXXX, Equifax, and XXXX.
Bank of America is refusing to further pursue the claim stating I do not have a valid credit slip from the merchant.
so I did it. 


The {$10.00} would have added enough to my account so I wouldn't go into the negative.
The agent demanded me to stop and brutally shutdown the call when I asked why. 

They are conciously still reporting inaccurate information on my consumer report.and they still havent responded in the required time of 30 days.
2. XXXX, I sent certified mail to the credit bureaus ; still no change. 

It is NOT my Transunion credit score, rather my Auto Score
I hope that you can help me.
BELOW are the Company, Account # and Balances for inaccuracies reporting on my credit report : Company : XXXX XXXX  XXXX XXXX Account # XXXX Balance : {$28000.00} Company : XXXX XXXX XXXX Account # XXXX Balance : {$0.00} Account # : XXXX Date Open : XX/XX/XXXX Balance : {$200.00} Account # :
Just don't make your payment this month and the next month ''.
Today I called to speak to a manager and she insisted there was a cease and desist on my account.
XXXX XXXX XXXX, STATED stated in the previous complaint, ( XXXX XXXX XXXX purchased the XXXX XXXXXXXX XXXX  ( XXXX ), XXXX.
The company also told me I could take the truck, while they finalized the paperwork, and then called me later and jacked the interest rate up to over 40 %, and was told if I didnt miss any payments in a year, they would refinance for under 20 %, which is still ridiculously high.
There are no bills that have been sent to me for this amount from that company.
It has also damaged my good credit standing, prevented me from having something that I badly needed, and most of all it has caused too much stress which has affected my health.
who in he XXXX goes cat shopping daily.
There was definitely an error on their part.
The late payments, reporting with all 3 bureaus, have caused my credit score to drop severely.
After, I attempted to purchase ticket again ; the fraudulent website came up twice.
Now, despite the language in my lease or their previous letters, their latest creative misrepresentation letter says : " As stated in our previous response, pursuant to the terms of your Motor Vehicle Lease Agreement ( Lease Agreement ), you have the option to either purchase the leased vehicle or terminate the Lease early by returning the vehicle to a location selected by BMW XXXX  and paying the amount due under either Option A or Option B of Section 30 of your Lease Agreement.
See application terms Click to get details " I was not really in need of a new credit card
I talked to a customer service representative from one of the credit reporting agency & was told Chase claimed this was true & they could n't do anything about this. 

I waited for the referral but nothing was sent over.
I contacted Equifax and submitted a dispute of the information.
This is ironic, as Self-Financial literally advertises that the company will boost your credit score. 


PLEASE SEE ATTACHED LETTERS.
I was turned over to Ocwen and it has been a nightmare.
Being harassed again!
But I did not owe anyone any money.
A Section 2 : it also states a consumer reporting agency can not furnish an account without my written instructions.
This was already a stressful time for my family and this added immensely to it.
I am not able to access any of my own assets.
So my situation is that I mailed them a payment and now Rushmore says the new payment amount is higher and I don't know how to solve the problem.
Requesting location information from a family member saying i owe such debt - 15 usc 1692b ( 5 ) Using a symbol to indicate to the consumer that the debt collector is in the debt collection business - 15 usc 1692c ( a ) ( 1 ) calling the consumer at an unusual time or place - 15
usc 1692c ( a ) ( 3 ) calling at the consumers work place when it is prohibited to recieve such communication.


IF YOU DO NOT, I KNOW WHOM IS EAGER TO HELP YOU REMOVE YOUR DELINQUENT\FRAUDULENT BOA AMOUNTS AWAY FROM ME, XXXX XXXX BECAUSE I OWE THOT BOA UNEQUIVOCALLY NOTHING. 


XXXX did advise I could fax documents to fax # XXXX, and include a cover letter again.
Other than that, student loans and a utility bill are all that are reported.
Here are the list of items which do not belong to me or were opened without my permission. 

I had monthly payments of {$82.00} for the months of XXXX and XXXX, XXXX and the payments were to reduce to {$47.00} starting in XXXX, XXXX to XXXX XXXX XXXX.
I have tired to call them and explain the issue, but they stated their is nothing that can be done because it 's paid.
I pray the XXXX can assist in clearing these fraudulent inquiries off of my report.
It's time someone at Paypal fixed this or get off their a -- and opened my account back up.
I had sent them a check to them, two weeks before for XXXX dollars.
They said put the account in dispute.
2 weeks ago I received a statement in the mail from a previous college landlord stating I still owed him a deposit which cause me to look back into my bank transactions that were paid to them.
Look back at the record and you can see I originally agreed to XXXX and that Shellpoint would give XXXX {$8000.00}.
For purposes of this subsection, if a consumer reporting agency rescinds a block, the presence of information in the file of a consumer prior to the blocking of such information is not evidence of whether the consumer knew or should have known that the consumer obtained possession of any goods, services, or money as a result of the block.
I then became aware of the limit and paid the entire balance ( which was not yet due ) by XXXX bill pay on XX/XX/XXXX which was processed on XX/XX/XXXX.
They did suggest that I put the money separate so that I could pay it once they could take my payments.
When I called to follow-up on the faxes with the disputed charges within the week, I was told that the faxes go to a separate Chase Fax Dept.
Is there something I can apply for that will give me some of the money I paid into the house.
This inaccurate information was used against me from another bank.
XXXX agreed to send a letter to me via snail mail confirming the amounts paid in full and I should receive it in 10 business days.
I've notice that the following accounts are in continuously reporting of violation of FCRA rules section 1681.
XXXX, XXXX.
They have even maliciously denied me the ability to dispute these items online and refuse to process my mail in disputes.
Section 609 ( a ) ( 1 ) ( A ) and 611 ( a ) require the 3 credit bureaus to confirm these items ( 1 ).
2nd complaint I was getting calls dunning me during my forbearance and after XXXX call I was advsd they see i am under forbearance
I have not received any contact from them since I sent my application for a XXXX discharge to them in the fall of XX/XX/XXXX.
My name is XXXX XXXX XXXX this complaint is not made in error neither is it being made by a third party.
XXXX XXXX, XXXX  XXXX, XXXX XXXX, XXXX XXXX..
So far, 3 weeks past, I still didn't have any information about where that $XXXX fund is and what XXXX will do to fix the issue.
In the past I have had many issues with their online system and payments being taken out in a timely fashion.
I asked him to please be specific as to why they were closing the account because saying that I need to look at the rules and regulations was not being specific.
He didnt have an explanation.
XXXX Bank XXXX XXXX processed a hard inquiry on my credit report on XXXX XXXX.
I notified 5th 3rd bank the next day, and my banker sent a fraud packet in which included the police report #.
After waiting about 2 weeks later I put in a complaint with Lowes ( Synchrony Bank ) Credit card.
I demand a purge of my information from both XXXX XXXX and XXXX XXXX XXXX.
I followed the protocol.
Copies of all documents and financial instruments used to pay the disputed late payments. 


My life has been in complete ruin as a result of this.
I have not had children due to the burden.
All this nonsense over {$5400.00} which is being paid by the insurance company, and not Bank of America.
Based on my recent call with executive offices I believe that the letter was generated solely to deny my dispute.
My last payment to ALLY was in XX/XX/XXXX. 

How can one account be opened on different days?
I wrote to Citi 's CEO, XXXX XXXX, XXXX times.
I have since closed my account with Comentity Bank but this is a serious problem.
and I didn't get a explanation.
The credit bureaus stated my account was properly investigated, but how is that possible when I contacted the court and their response is enclosed below.
We are about ready to get an attorney.
I demand these items be deleted immediately or I will file for litigation due to stress you caused me.
In accordance with the Fair Credit Reporting act XXXX XXXX Account # XXXX has violated my rights. 


Why am I only hearing of this issue in XX/XX/XXXX?!
In addition, Equifax is simultaneously undermining the legal protections of these injured parties with hidden terms of service that waive their right to sue the company in what is a situation of extreme and possibly criminal negligence.
But Barclay does n't close on that day with   XXXX   Balance and continuous charge me {$7.00} and do n't close until  XXXX / XXXX /2017.     
We was approved for a mortgage for XXXX the house we was looking at was XXXX at first Was told we live too far from the property now theyre saying that we dont make enough money for the loan and the loan is too big for what we ask her for
I was a victim of ID theft and have been report any new or old accounts I do not recognize.
This was a disgraceful fraudulent company XXXX XXXX.
On XX/XX/XXXX, Mom and I called XXXX at Citizens again.
I am also requesting an updated copy of my credit report, which should be sent to the address listed below.
While doing so I see items that aren't mine.
2.
Exhibit XXXX i a woman is demanding my account be discharged, XXXX out my balance and remove this inaccurate, incomplete and Fraudulent information or account from my consumer file and consumer report.
After the allotted time, there was no adjustment made to my credit report from either agency with regards to the properly submitted documentation and in honorable of the Moratorium.


In accordance with the Fair Credit Reporting Act.
ASKED YOU " WHO VERIFIED THESE ACCOUNTS?
It seems very unfair to get this reported to my credit when I have never had a chance to pay.
Due to the delay in the closing of our loan until XX/XX/XXXX you destroyed our credit it dropped by 100 points.
This company which I have " NO CONTRACT '' with has no legal right to collect on this said debt.
I owe nothing.
We stop making payments in XXXX XXXX since we could n't get anyone to make the necessary adjustments. 

All accounts from XXXX XXXX XXXX. 

Hello, I have had trouble with my mortgage company.
Further, you are forced to push all sorts of ad ons, many increase hospital revenue but add nothing to your daily production.
After months of communication between the XXXX, Aimloan and myself, Aimloan finally made another payment of the same amount on XX/XX/XXXX, which was addressed to the correct payee and my insurance policy remained active. 


I received an email saying Im past due on my capital one account.
This practice could go on for a lifetime.
I was shocked surprised and appalled as I know there is no way XXXX XXXX provided any proof of services because services were never completed and I have proof to reflect same.


Address removals and corrections that were not my addresses.
Credit inquiries are the most common ways a bad actor, hacker, impersonator, or other entity uses to gain inappropriate, illegal, unlawful, unauthorized, and credit without resent.
I trust the integrity of US Bank to not accept wire transfers to a fraudulent account that was already flagged.
I am unable to get into it.
Since it has been over 60 days, these items should be deleted immediately.
My debt to ratio is very high.
They stated no other options available., really!
5.
Assuming no one cares either way, block the noteworthy of any information in my credit record that came about due to an alleged fraud or extortion. 

What documents did they use to verify them?
It should not be this difficult to obtain information and make payments.
This debt Doesnt belong to me as Ive never been to XXXX Nor have I received any paperwork Or contracts stating they have the right to collect
I am very concerned regarding the serious possibility that you have not follow permissible purpose provision of the federal fcra.
15 USC 1681 Section 604
We had never been served.
Now its you live in a Hotel, I need something with a Letter head saying you live there!
I have that now and NO CREDIT.
Included are charges for which you ask for an explanation or written proof of purchase, along with a claimed error or request for clarification.
I spent an entire day calling back and forth to XXXX and to a doctor in TEXAS ( I'm in IOWA ) that this alleged bill was for so I can tell them this has nothing to do with me as I'm in Iowa and haven't been to Texas in 30 years and this is not my name.
This company also reported me late in XXXX when a payment was submitted in time.
They kept lying telling me they disputed n its not reporting but it keep reporting this inaccurate information without my authorization.
According to 18 USC section 8 " Obligation or other security of the United States defined '' States " The term " obligation or other security of the United States '' includes all bonds, certificates of indebtedness, national bank currency XXXX Federal Reserve notes, Federal Reserve bank notes, coupons, United States notes, Treasury notes, gold certificates, silver certificates, fractional notes, certificates of deposit, bills, checks, or drafts for money, drawn by or upon authorized officers of the United States, stamps and other representatives of value, of whatever denomination, issued under any Act of Congress, and canceledUnited States stamps. ''
This now has been my second dismissal where they verified the charges.
You may use the form below or write to us without the form.
My debt was paid in XX/XX/XXXX and XXXX submitted it as unpaid in XX/XX/XXXX affecting my stellar credit.
Please investigate XXXX XXXX.
15 U.S.C 1681 section 602 A. States I have the right to privacy.
All dispute results and contracts are included.
Legal tender is money which the 1aw requires a creditor to receive in payment of an obligation.
XXXX still maintains that they are not sending anything to any debt collector and that I owe them nothing. 


The hav e file a case and this is not my debt.
It contains incorrect information.
I was told it should take 20 XXXX days to complete but it seemed there was XXXX issue after another ( some of which I did n't understand ) and it ended up taking XXXX days til we signed.
The CFPB has prescribed model disclosures, 12 CFR Part 1022, App.
XXXX was supposed to research the 2nd check to see if it was cashed and get back to me today, XX/XX/20
He said ok pulled his truck away from my vehicle and allowed my husband to proceed to leave with the vehicle.
I am not responsible for this accounts.
Tried calling two branches ; at one they would not answer the phone, it just rang and at the other they put me on hold and never came back. 

To make a long story short, Rushmore Loan Management Services has refused to pay an incentive which was offered to me for completion of the Deed in Lieu process ( additional details can be found in my original complaint ).


Please provide a complete account history, including any charges added for collection activity.
Can not think of a single reason why, in the age of computerized banking, that a payment can not be processed with a weeks time.
15 USC 1681c-2- Block of information resulting from identity theft states that except as otherwise provided in this section, a consumer reporting agency shall block the reporting of any information in the file of a consumer that the consumer identifies as information that resulted from an alleged identity theft, not later than 4 days after the date of receipt by such agency of - ( 1 ) appropriate proof of the identity of the consumer ; ( 2 ) a copy of an identity theft report ; ( 3 ) the identification of such information by the consumer; and ( 4 ) a statement by the consumer that the information is not information relating to any transaction by the consumer.
In each instance I did NOT select the option to apply funds as an additional payment.
All fees associated with flight have been returned except for this {$80.00} Booking fee.
I have also called multiple times to be put on excruciatingly long hold times.
XXXX   : - No refund.
Based on that I terminated my.
I've proactively remembered this report for a past letter and I am including it once more.
I think this is some type of stall because the tracking number said delivered.
The property is the lawful Florida homestead of the borrower and borrower has provide an annual certificate to servicer on numerous occasions.
Section 611 ( a ) stated that failure to investigate these items within 30 days should result in immediate removal.
I then inquired about the money that I had already put into their bank and they said I could have it back in 10 business days. 


-- COLLECTION ACCOUNTS 7.
I tried to dispute again and its just giving me errors on the system this is not the first time this happens.
The next subsequent motion is to issue a demand for discovery to audit both companies, which will uncover truths to these acquisitions ; which will lead to the suspension of the company to operate any further business. 


I believe you have not verified this account based on Section 609 ( a ) ( 1 ) ( A ) & Section 611 ( a ) ( XXXX )
I tried to avoid foreclosure all the time and I will continue fighting for my legal rights.
To date, I have received no knowledge of ever entering into any contractual relationship with the to-be plaintiff ( s ) { should I forward into a civil complaint } or with the entity ( ies ) that allegedly issued against me the defaulted line of credit ( s ) or accusations similar.
He called Chase during which I was placed on hold and was only told to identify myself.
27 days does not equal 30 days late.
n i made this clear for 60 days straight with XXXX  i spoke to a representative agent name XXXX and XXXX and XXXX from the fraud department I prefer to speak to a us rept but they refused they had me on mute for 4 hours which was hurtful I have a perfect repayment record.
I had spoken to Equifax about an account that they are reporting on my credit file and they said they were not changing anything.
Thank you. ''
Hurting us all when we are down only compounds the issues and will simply cause a stagnant economy for all citizens.
I explained I was interested in a IRA but this employee insisted on telling me to put the money in a annuity after I explained what I needed the money for.
I told the representative I was not going to pay anything over the amount I was given on   XX/XX/XXXX ,  and I had an email with the information that I had until   XX/XX/XXXX   to pay the amount of  XXXX , and I would make a formal complaint if they tried charging me more.   
Both parties states items received.
The credit reports that I have provided prove that this information is inaccurate and incomplete.
In accordance with the Fair Credit Act XXXX  account numbers XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX, XXXX, XXXX XXXX, XXXX, XXXX XXXXXXXX XXXX XXXX XXXXXXXX, XXXX, XXXX XXXX.
I would like to request that this data be removed from my credit account.
The mortgage became delinquent again and starting in XX/XX/XXXX I started paying additional on my mortgage each month this continued into XX/XX/XXXX.
1. Block.
It is now XX/XX/XXXX and I still have not received any credit for the {$950.00} or the overdraft fees incurred due to them denying this claim under what I believe was a very minimum investigation.
But Im not sure that it is my debt because Im always pay in time.
On XX/XX/2021, we used our Chase credit card at our local XXXX XXXX store to make a purchase of {$110.00}.
Also, there was NO written form of communication, contract or signature for this accused debt.
FHA in its loan approval guidelines goes off the deed transfer date and not the date of the bakruptcy discharge.
XXXX XXXX XXXX account # XXXX XXXX XXXXXXXX XXXX XXXXXXXX XXXX : all accounts associated with this company 3.
No information given regarding account.
you have on file of the accounts listed below.
I havent experienced any problems with any of my other accounts being used.
Access to blocked information by law enforcement agencies.
I emailed them on this date stating again that the funds were deducted from my XXXX bank account but were never placed into my Coinbase account.
Around the time I was on the trail agreement I contacted Nation Star to inform them that I wanted to do a short-sale on my property.
I have done research on the company and they are dropping me as they have many thousands of people.they dispute the documents and keep collecting their monthly fees.
I disputed the entry for a mortgage foreclosure with XXXX Bank on Experian.
The Equifax Credit Bureau has not complied with the Fair Credit Reporting Act, 15 USC Sections 1681i, and continued reporting as unverified information without any proof provided, within the time allowed by law, is not authorized.
COLL I LLC.
Social Security.
they purposely hire the worst people for customer service.  
To this day, over 30 days later, I have not received a response yet.
According to section 609 in FCRA they have to show me some type of documents showing the account is mine or Delete account.
XXXX XXXX XXXX - XXXX.
The creditors failure to reflect properly on a statement a payment made by the obligor or a credit issued to the obligor.


An investigate was conducted by the Fraud/Investigation Department ( Incident # XXXX ).
This complaint is regarding my case # XXXX with Navy Federal Credit Union.
I gave it to her.
Once again, I am only seeing XXXX and XXXX XXXX reported.
My current bill, which I received by email this morning shows an amount due of {$200.00}.
You are required under the FCRA to have a copies of the original creditors documentation on file to verify that this information is 100 % true, accurate & correct. 


I disputed a charge on my account that was from a clinic that is running a scam. 

I have sent many complaining e-mails during the past month but received only what appeared to be a computer generated generic responses.
Well as you all ready know, this takes time and while this was occurring I kept paying extra.
XXXX XXXX, a collection agency contacted me about a debt I originally owed to Ally Financial in XXXX of XXXX.
They are direct violation of the the FCRA.
I filled out all the forms and provided all the documents.
I did not ask for the agreement to b canceled.
WELLS FARGO BANK AND XXXX XXXX ARE IN COLLUSION WITH EACH OTHER AND PULLED XXXX KNOWING IT WAS BLOCKED.
Per XXXX XXXX XXXX letter, the account was opened on XX/XX/XXXX and was charged off on XX/XX/XXXX.
They told me that I did not owe anything and could n't understand why I had been billed.
I have read the complaints online about the data breaches involving XXXX.
The disconnect is with the processes of your company and the express terms set forth in Mr. Cooper 's payoff letter. 


When I needed to take out money for an emergency I then learned from the annuity that there was a stiff penalty.
We were successful in securing an initial investment which gave us a short runway and the bandwidth to build and develop a XXXX XXXX, and partner with four renowned nonprofit organizations in addition to the XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXXXXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX. 


On XX/XX/2019 I contacted Chase about an email message I received from them ( see `Chase denied it sent this notification from Chase XXXX` attachment ).
I have faxed, email, and uploaded everything they needed to start the process and I have not got anywhere.
7.
Im asking you to help remove this charge off immediately
I am a victim of identity theft.
See attached our letter to Nationstar pointing out their untimely non-response in violation.
( d ) Restricting or closing by creditor of account regarded by obligor to contain a billing error Pursuant to regulations of the Bureau, a creditor operating an open end consumer credit plan may not, prior to the sending of the written explanation or clarification required under paragraph ( B ) ( ii ), restrict or close an account with respect to which the obligor has indicated pursuant to subsection ( a ) that he believes such account to contain a billing error solely because of the obligors failure to pay the amount indicated to be in error.
This is a big problem and hardship for me as I need the ability to transfer funds between my personal and my business accounts for my day to day operations and I have lost this functionality.
XXXX XXXX XXXX AND XXXX XXXX XXXX SEE ATTACHED
but they refused to block the merchant at all.
Thus everyone continues to start paperwork, process AAAALLLLLL over. 


Nothing in this subsection shall be deemed to prohibit a creditor from applying against the credit limit on the obligors account the amount indicated to be in error. 


Because I know my rights under THE FAIR CREDIT REPORTING ACT, CONSUMER CREDIT PROTECTION ACT ( CCPA ), and FAIR and ACCURATE CREDIT TRANSACTION ACT of 2003 ( FACTA ).
I received first responds around XX/XX/XXXX that they denied my claim because my ID and Password were used to make this transaction.
THEY CANT EVEN AGREE ON THE ORIGINAL LENDER.
Now I 'm facing a foreclosure sale date on XXXX XXXX 2016 and you claim there is nothing that can be done to stop this sale. 


A check, indeed had cleared on XX/XX/XXXX but was never processed by XXXX unbeknownst to us?
I was told the closing would be on XX/XX/XXXX, however, after taking the day off to meet the individual, no one showed, and no one called.
I now have to WASTE PAPER, TIME, ENERGY, MONEY AND FAX
I 've received 10 calls in the past 22 days from Vital Recovery Services with a recorded message to call a number about a debt.
Please investigate this predatory company.
My problem is they submit this claim three or four times a day.
I knew the interest was high however, I did not know that I would be paying this much.
Section 611 ( a ), it is plainly stated that failure to investigate these items within 30 days gives a reason to immediately remove those items from my credit report, it has been over 30 days so they should be deleted promptly.
I have a loan with XXXX and WAYPOINT ( Original Creditor : 11 XXXX XXXX XXXX ).
The reinstatement letter was created on XXXX/XXXX/2015, and was good through XXXX/XXXX/2015.
We had found another lender with more competitive rates who said he would most likely be able to meet our original closing date and elected to move forward with that lender.
When in fact they told me that it had been deleted and that it was not on there anymore see attachments below. 


Not at the request of any alleged debtor, and therefore are a stranger to the transaction ( voluntary payee ).
It was a drive thru ATM in the outside.
I ask that the items be deleted to correct my credit report. 

This is seriously affecting my ability to buy a home for my family, and I need help getting it resolved. 


I recently reviewed my credit report an noted some unauthorized inquiries.
I am requesting a check made payable to me alone for this amount and to be expedited via XXXX.
When I called Santander it stated they would not release the car unless I paid {$14000.00}.
I look for guidance on where to turn.
If your offices have reported invalidated information to any credit reporting agency, said action might constitute fraud under both Federal and State Laws. 

Financial transaction card '' or " FTC '' means any instrument or device whether known as a credit card, credit plate, bank services card, banking card, check guarantee card, debit card, or by any other name, issued with or without fee by an issuer for the use of the cardholder : a.
So far Bank of America has also refused to credit me back the {$340.00} shipping charges even after multiple phone calls to them.
I will sue them if they continue to collect debt that is not mine.
Any ither adverse item of information, other than records of convictions of crimes which antedates the report by more than seven years. 

Just a nice notice on my door one day that my house was up for sheriff sale.
15.
This company Medwest Recovery systems has since the beginning submitted false claims to all three credit agencys.
She replied that she would.   End of conversation.
Add Remarks to my XXXX XXXX XXXX  closed account. 

I never gave written consent.


Fast forward to mid XXXX XXXX XXXX began procrastinating in returning my phone calls.
I will also be contacting the Attorney General and Postal Inspection Service for other possible violations of the law.
Literally 1 day after submitting my claim they sent out a letter stating they completed their review, denied my claim, and closed my claim.
XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX KNOWINGLY AND PURPOSEFULLY ENGAGED IN THE UNLAWFUL USE OF MY CREDIT CARD ( SSN ) PURSUANT TO 15 USC 1602.
They are supposed to be protecting consumers.
I did not approve for two separate inquiries.
5.
Finally on XXXX XXXX, XXXX I received a letter from Bank of America with their false statement of fact which I have included.
Of multiple inaccuracies and inconsistency.

: Account under the name : ( XXXX XXXX XXXX ), Original creditor ( XXXX XXXX XXXX  ) violations for not reporting consistently.
My closing was originally anticipated for XXXX and I was becoming nervous.
While he walked got in his truck I contacted the finance company to confirm the payment was received.
Did you refinance your first mortgage around that time? 

The vile nature of their derelict is unjustly injurious and unlawful no doubt.
Any help would be greatly apricated. 

I would really like some assistant with getting a response out of them on why it hasn't been removed yet.
Now that's done, you have no mechanism to undo or fix the damage.
15 U.S.C 1681 Section 604
On XX/XX/2020, I went to the Wells Fargo branch in downtown XXXX, CA, to inquire about a small business checking account.
My mortgage was taken out on my home almost 7 years ago.
This left my ending balance - {$100.00} for the month of XX/XX/2018. 

I never authorize Pay Pal to deduct a payment from a payment that I had received.
They went 3 times last week - XX/XX/XXXX, XX/XX/XXXX and XX/XX/XXXX, however fund was still not available causing unnecessary stress and waste of time.

On these subscribers that are reporting the affixed information, I am requesting full validation such as, original transfer rights to collect, confirmation of legal timeline to report on credit and/or collection procedures, validation of licensing requirements, posted bonding requirements, oversight on monthly payment histories, proper subscriber agreement compliance with credit reporting agencies, and overall compliance with all Fair Credit Reporting Act and Fair Debt Collection Practices Act bylaws as mandated by federal laws.
I contacted XXXX XXXX and was told that they do report to Experian and that it must be something going on with their system.
I called and spoke to XXXX XXXX in the XXXX office.
15 U.S.C 1681 Section A Section 2 : It also states a consumer reporting agency can not an account without my written instructions. 

This was a secured credit card that was open with initial {$300.00} security deposit back in XX/XX/XXXX.
Further, XXXX  is still showing my account as active, though it was closed in XX/XX/XXXX.
I called the title company.
I have contacted them and send them all the declaration pages from my auto insurance policies for the past 7 years so they could correct it but they have not done it.
The erroneous information below is not only degrading or defamatory.
We changed to another bank during the time period of XXXX - XXXX
I have had the loan since XX/XX/XXXX and asked them to remove my work number from their call list over a year ago.
I am asking you to help reverse the fee.
Okay, that info was correct.

I am currently trying to obtain the vehicle I desperately need and deserve as a good consumer.
This company has failed to do so but they reported this my credit report.
The representative again stated that she could not provide me a copy of this letter or any documentation that is being relied upon. 


I only have one of the dispute results readily available. 

Fair enough, i can see SOME of my points on the citi side. 



They also are not showing on my credit the charge-off amount and the 7 year reporting is not listed.
The case should have started from the beginning once they realized they were going to the wrong house!
i have almost no debt and my identity was stolen causing my score to drop
This incorrect reporting is harming my credit score and this line item needs to be deleted from my credit report.
I have reported previously to the three bureaus, FTC and creditors of FRAUD on the above-mention two accounts.
I AM NOW GETTING NO RESPONSE.
I was shocked when I reviewed my credit report and found late payment on my payment history from your company. 


They opened a review of that complaint.
I dont feel I should have to pay something that I never received.
Please intervene for me, thank you, XXXX
Recontrust was not properly substituted as Trustee by a valid beneficiary as defined in XXXX and was not a valid trustee under the statute. 

I just need for Experian to deleted the items back off of my credit report.
This month as I went online to make my monthly payment and noticed my line of credit was {$800.00} in the negative, instead of + {$400.00}.
I recently submitted a complaint to the CFPB in regards to the negligence and non compliance of EXPERIAN who is a credit reporting agency. 

On credit card sites, the highest rate listed for this card is 23.27 %
The reinstatement amount has gotten so high that there is no way for me to pay the required amount.
So the second payment decline and then it was ran through 3 times.
I requested that they validate the validity of the debt that they are currently reporting on my credit profile as negative. 

I would like to have my name removed from or OPT-OUT of all promotional ads for credit cards and insurance ads.
Since, they do not have my authorization, written nor verbal I ask that you DELETE these authorized inquiries from my credit report immediately as there is no evidence of any authorization, nor any permissible purpose.
Mortgage was reaffirmed in bankruptcy.
Approximately {$770.00} was from the XXXX fees imposed by Wells Fargo.
THIS IS A VIOLATION UNDER FCRA 15 U.S.C ss1681e ( b ) ; AND FCRA 15 U.S.C ss1681i.
I am in the process of applying for a mortgage and my loan officer told me I was late.
Because of the mistakes on my credit report, I have been wrongfully denied credit, which was highly embarrassing and has negatively impacted my lifestyle. 

We could tell from the way he talked that he probably would not refund the money and we were right.
: Mortgage Credit Limit : Term Duration :
Please remove them from my credit.
Might it be known, especially shall I elect to take this matter up to a civil court, any debt and or derogatory claim must be pursued ( particularly for collection ) in a very defined and precisely compliant and physically verifiable or certifiable manner as detailed in the requisite obeyed federal and state collection and reporting regulations associated with any of the above noted said claim ( s ) to include but not limited to the FCBA, FCRA, HIPAA PRIVACY RULE, FACTA, FDCPA and TCPA, etc.
You're well versed and familiar with, transfer of property, bonds and security interest " unearned interest ''
I am writing this due to non-compliance with Trans Union. 


15 U.S.C 1681 Section 604
n accordance with the fair credit reporting act XX/XX/XXXX has violated my rights 15 U.S.C. 1681 section 602 A. states I have the right to privacy.


Its really bad when you have excellent credit, can payoff your loan with liquid assets you have in the bank and are only asking to borrow 48 % of the value of your home that you can not get loan approval from PNC.
XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX, XXXX, OH
The various collection agents asked me if I could prove I had paid MCM or that I had enough money in my account to even make the payment.
I submitted a form for a XXXX, a mortgage assistance program, to my mortgage servicer, Bayview XXXX XXXX XXXX.
But every month TIAA does not credit my payment for 3 weeks.
To whom this may concern, I have asked Experian and XXXX to verify there means of the account XXXX XXXX has on me, all the keep telling me that the information is accurate.
In   XXXX   XXXX   I contacted  Freedom  to request that our account be reviewed for the PMI to be removed.
This incorrect information has been dragging down my credit score for a few years and I'm starting to feel powerless against it.
Without contacting the Mountain Run Solution, whom I have no business with, I tried my best to dispute this account through multiple credit bureaus, but it got rejected.
The representative then stated that she could change me over to paper statements delivered to my home.
Explained that XXXX creditors XXXX and XXXX XXXX had double debited my account and the reversals of the second debit were in process with XXXX companies.
A Section 2 : It also states a consumer reporting agency can not furnish a account without my written instructions 15 U.S.C 1681c.
This past week, I decided enough was enough.
We filed a claim with Bank of American on the first XXXX charges ( as they were the first to show on our statement ) Bank of America said they would look into the charges, and subsequently dropped them from our statement.
I was paying my bill out of savings, retirement funds and my kids college funds to maintain payments and I depleted them down to XXXX  when this happened. 

I still have not received the documents.
According to the Fair Credit Reporting Act, Section 609 ( a ) ( 1 ) ( A ), XXXX XXXX, and XXXX  are required by federal law to verify - through the physical verification of the original signed consumer contract - all accounts they post on my credit report.
XXXX
The XXXX bankruptcy that has been listed on my credit report has violated my federally protected consumer rights to privacy and confidentiality under 15 USC 1681. 


15 U.S. Code 1681 Section 604A-
I am also attaching a copy of the document I faxed tro suntrust. 


Also, during this validation period, if any action is taken which could be considered detrimental to any of my credit reports, I will consult with my legal counsel for suit.
I do n't know how they can not send a statement with no information.
She refuses to acknowledge her misunderstanding of the revision to only XXXX XXXX minute massage and is forcing me to pay a higher rate and for the XXXX XXXX minute massage that was never provided.
Hello I called them to inform them that there are multiple inquiries that I do or recognize and they refuse to remove them without a police report and a complaint through you all.
I find it highly dishonest and disingenuous of Capital One to change accounts like this with zero notification and no option to migrate accounts.
* Charged for services that were not being used by XXXX XXXX XXXX Attempted to contact XXXX to cancel an account which ( " They could not find '' ) in Early XXXX, XXXX XXXX claims they cant find the account The account was no longer in use after XX/XX/XXXX
I was told that there is a CLASS ACTION LAWSUIT against companies that are garnishing monies from prior students without the option of forgiveness or forbearance, etc ...
In XXXX of XXXX I took a loan from PenFed in the amount of {$60000.00} as a home line of equity.
XX/XX/XXXX Account name : #, XXXX XXXX XX/XX/XXXX {$260.00}.
Wells Fargo has a practice of charging overdraft fees eventhought the money was actually there when the transactions were done.
Please Help!
I have submitted a Case with XXXX on Sat, XX/XX/XXXX, XXXX XXXX 

I am concerned that XXXX is taking too long to fix the " glitch '' that occurred apparently I was not supposed to do this conversion because it was not intended. 


XXXX ; in connection with debt collection ; 1692d.
I provided the proof to both of the debt collectors operating names that the account was paid in full prior to their attempt to collect the debt. 


I do not owe XXXX any money, I was out of contract when I cancelled my plan with them in XXXX, I believe XXXX or XXXX, I would have to check my records further to confirm the year.
The dispute items do not belong to me.
As instructed by law librarian Affidavit of Indigency Packet required notary signature and endorsement of presiding judge for the week.
No one is listening! 


It's only {$170.00} & I have no way to find out any information on the status of ANYTHING!!
I was told by many agents that I was approved and the marketing dept would send me the XXXX miles to my SouthWest Airline Rapid Rewards account.
AND THERE IS NO WARRANT NO PLACE IN AMERICA.
I am attaching a Copy of all letters sent below.


( XXXX )
In accordance with the Fair Credit Reporting act XXXX Account # XXXX has violated my rights. 


He was rude and demeaning, hung up on me twice, refused to give me his supervisor and told me if I called block my number would be blocked.
This is according to a letter received from Fedloans on  XX/XX/XXXX .
He added me to the account as an authorized user so that I can use the card.
In XX/XX/XXXX XXXX received a real estate loan in the amount of {$220000.00} to purchase a property at XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX 

That was after attempting to contact Transunion more than 21 times.
The indiscretions were not only unethical but breach of his privileges as a loan officer.
I was signed up for loan and declined to continue process on XX/XX/2020 and closed out loan. 


I have called numerous times and they keep saying its my employer
I sent ALL required dispute but they say they put this on my credit today.
When dispute it and its definitely wrong they state that the fraudulent information is correct.
I have incorporated that report into this complaint in compliance with the guidelines of FCRA Section 605B ( 15 U.S.C. 1681c-2 ).
Furthermore they refuse to work with me, passing me from department to department, without any contact names or numbers to try to follow up on these issues.
They falsified inspection documents after I moved out and then continued to claim that I owed them more money, each time I would pay what they asked for.
I disputed this event in court in XXXX on XX/XX/XXXX, and the prosecutor canceled all the charges agaist me, saying I was totally right and had no resposibility in the accident at all. 


( A ), please investigate the unverifiable accounts below : XXXX XXXX Balance : {$5700.00} XXXX/VT XXXX Balance : {$0.00} XXXX XXXX Balance : {$6000.00} XXXX XXXX Balance : {$150.00}
There was a construction loan for this amount that was closed on  XXXX / XXXX /  XXXX   that was transferred to a mortgage and also a home equity line of credit.
I tried logging into my XXXX account, which I could not.
I never live in Arizona so my answer was none of the above.
1666b.
When I heard this information I asked to speak to a supervisor who said that he can put in for my account to be viewed faster.
It is under XXXX County Spr Cour and XXXX County Superior Court.
During the covid 19 shut down the government failed America by cutting pandemic relief for failing to negotiate like professionals.
Bridgecrest has sent me a default letter for this one month.
Another company was secured that figured out a way to work with the doctor to provide more accurate incapacity letters.
15 U.S. Code 1681s2 - Responsibilities of furnishers of information to consumer reporting agencies ( a ) DUTY OF FURNISHERS OF INFORMATION TO PROVIDE ACCURATE INFORMATION
It was a terrible experience and XXXX never forget the visit.
According to the Fair Credit Reporting Act, Section 611,  Equifax and XXXX has 30 days to investigate and delete the disputed items.
According to the Fair Debt Collection Practices Act FDCPA I have the right to claim a validation of this debt and you are obliged to provide me with relevant documentation should you carry o your collection activities.
The next month it was still not fixed!
I do not understand why they are abusing consumers
... ... ..
and I feel I was discriminated against.
When they do, we will send it to you. 

My Loan officer XXXX XXXX inform and assure me that I did not needed to make my XXXX XXXX payment because the loan was going to be funded before end of the month.
Records show the mortgage was NOT filed.
XXXX  XXXX XXXX, XXXX credit card, XXXX XXXX Bank, XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX Bank XXXX as well as Sunrise LA and XXXX XXXX are all reporting an account fraudulently, I have contacted to attempt to provide them with an identity theft report and they refused to resolve this issue and delete the item.
They promised me XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX if I charged {$2000.00} with them in 90 days.
In XXXX or XXXX of 2021, the mailing address was changed and the person ordered an XXXX XXXX and had it delivered to their house.
Each time the bureau would reply and state verified.
After I was on hold for a few minutes, I spoke to XXXX XXXX ID # XXXX XXXX in XXXX at XXXX.
It is my wish that you can investigate Carrington, force them to bring this situation to a close by helping me get the loan modification that my attorney has presented.
When I went into chat on XX/XX/XXXX I was told the dispute was cancelled and I needed to resubmit.
I've sent bills, my BIRTH CERTIFICATE, my drivers license for verification and still the same incorrect information appears and they are the only reporting company reporting this inadequate information.
But I still owe about the same. 

I am demanding Cease all communication INDIRECTLY regarding my consumer report, mail my title to me, refund all my previous payments in a form of a check, and monetary compensation for the injuries you've caused.
I received a letter from XXXX today XX/XX/2116 dated XX/XX/2116 letting me know that the ownership of my XXXX lien mortgage had been transferred by Pentagon Federal Credit Union to XXXX.
On or around XX/XX/2021 this account was removed from my XXXX XXXX account for lack of verification but for some reason XXXX  and Equifax repot keep lying stated that they have open an investigation but they don't give me any information far proof of what company XXXX has given them that's validated proof clearly this direct violation of 15 USC 1692 and should be handle immediately. 


Second, I did not receive my sellers credit of XXXX and third, my earnest money was suppose to be given back to us after closing, but was applied to my downpayment.
Upon reviewing my updates, incorrect information was found in my reports.
XXXX card was opened fraudulently.
XXXX XXXX XXXX as well as the security guard at the PNC Bank witnessed the machine eating my cash.
Instead   XXXX   XXXX   claims it has rights now to a LOST Note and thus if no note exists there can be no foreclosure and there is no evidence that   XXXX   XXXX   had any rights in the subject Note on or before the discharge in bankruptcy of   XXXX   XXXX   of the note debt or thereafter and without a note can not legally foreclose.
I didn't know my mortgage was sold to PHH mortgage company in XXXX, XXXX.
( 3 ) Significance of block.
If you can provide a copy of a credit application authorizing the disclosure of my credit files with my signature, I will accept the inquiry.
XX/XX/XXXX, XXXX XX/XX/XXXX, XXXX XX/XX/XXXX, XXXX XX/XX/XXXX, XXXX I have reached out these companies I was XXXX  XXXX alot in my life and couldn't possibly have these accounts
There is no third party involved.
On XXXX XXXX the denied my despute and closed the case.
On XX/XX/2022, I tried to withdraw {$600.00} from my account, and the bank denied my transaction.
I have spoken to my XXXX XXXX representative and would appreciate any input I can receive from your office on this collectors suspicious and what I believe to be fraudulent actions.
i have moved and i have not received anything from bank of america for these charges.
With student loans, it goes beyond not displaying it clearly, and becomes criminal.
After following up on the fax over the next two weeks, I was informed that Chase never received my fax.
XXXX XXXX XXXX  XXXX XXXX :
XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX  I do not remember authorizing this inquiry.
The letter was a request for us to call their loss mitigation office if we were having trouble making payments.
By : XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX
Institution Information XXXX XXXX XXXX, OH
Nationstar Mortgage XXXX recently added the designation d/b/a/ Mr. Cooper XXXX its name.
The bankruptcy was case XXXX discharged on XX/XX/XXXX.
they PNC credit deemed the charge was fraud and removed it from my bill.
This was in XXXX I think of date being around this time.
I was offered to pay the balance in full, 85 % of balance owed or  if I had 2 referenced I could go into a repayment program.
Not only for the funds, but for the sheer accusations I would " steal '' my own funds which I never received is absolutely ludicrous.
This company ( Diversified Consultant ) which I hold No Contract with nor have received services from is a 3rd party agency who has no right to collect anything from the alleged debtor since there is no way they can prove they were on any original contract.
It should have been removed years past, but has not.
( XXXX ) XXXX-XXXX XXXX XXXX is the name of the agency.
I appreciate any help i can get to investigate this mortgage company.
This complaint has not been filed by a third party nor was it filed in error. 

In the results of your investigations, you stated in writing that you verified that these items are being reported correctly?
I did not request this modification packet, but TMS was trying to force us to sign a new modification while refusing to accept our prior executed modification agreement with them ( through XXXX ).
XXXX XXXX Opened XXXX XXXX, 2016 + {$130.00} Original creditor : XXXX XXXX XXXX
My student loans were in deferment until  XXXX   XXXX .
I provided documentation and a request to the credit bureaus via XXXX Certified Letters with tracking numbers XXXX, XXXX, XXXX on XX/XX/2022, to remove personal information that I do not want on my credit report.
this isn't any influence and this is not a third party.
Their system is telling me that is order for XXXX me to not have to pay a fee, I have to use my checking account ( which they reduae to accept ) or I have to go into their store in person to make the payment.
As a result, I may lose my chance for a better rate.
XXXX fax : XXXX XXXX :
So, with that being stated i reached out to u cause i thought u should know that what was going on within ur own company. 

I was then told by New American Funding that there was a different branch of XXXX XXXX XXXX, also in the XXXX, AZ area, who had agreed to make the change and re-title the mortgage in the name of my Living Trust free of charge after closing. 


This is not a minimum cited in the Texas statutes, but a figure that the escrow balance " can be up to 1/6 ''.
Regions Bank.
Why I could no longer make consistent payments?
When this specific enquiry happened I wasn't even in the U.S. when this happened.
I am concerned that Chase will be slow to pay this bill, or not pay it at all, sending my home to a tax sale.
I feel like my dispute letters are being ignored and that it does not matter and that I am being taken advantage of.
This complaint has not been filed by a third party nor was it filed in error.
I made several attempts to file dispute with equifax, XXXX, XXXX, and XXXX XXXX  nothing been done to update the the balance investigation why data is not updating properly and balances.
He informed me the debt was from the City of XXXX and the collection agency that handles the debt is Rash Curtis & Associates.
the email said XXXX, XXXX XXXX We restricted your account ( s )
When i called today and asked, she said She can not email outside of Bank of America.
The modification was dated XX/XX/XXXX.
I am a victim of identity theft
I'm surprised they hadn't asked for a DNA sample. 


It seems to me the Quicken Loans did n't want to move forward with this loan and I can accept that.
The dispute items do not belong to me.
I called the company to confirm that the application was not open by me.
( b ) ( iii ), ( v ).
The debt collector has no wet ink signature of mine showing any agreement to any obligation to engage with me for any reason.
Defamation 2. )
The note is due on the first, but since I fell delinquent XX/XX/XXXX due to my job loss and my social security checks did n't start coming in until XX/XX/XXXX ; I called Standard Mortgage asking them to help me catch up.
I have been a victim of identity theft.
But I would like to get help since because of {$89.00} dollars they report to the credit bureau and that make my credit go down by XXXX points, I m in the process of buying a house and this has stop the process, since this has affected so much the process, I'm asking to please help me to remove this from my credit since my credit history has never been so affected.
XXXX Balance XXXX {$32.00} Medical XXXX Balance : {$510.00} XXXX XXXX  ( Original Creditor : 11 XXXX XXXX )
I 've always paid my loan on time and now they are ruining my credit and we still have a loan payment we ca n't afford each month.
My name is XXXX XXXX.
XXXX XXXX XXXX unauthorized XXXX.
Cost was over 10X the  cost of a normal H06 policy. 


Transunion customer service US handling would not help and take care of the negative inquiries reporting to my credit report. 

I had previously disputed this account.
I have it all recorded as well.
I can not afford to pay these taxes to save my property.
I have reached out to the financial institution as well as the three major credit bureaus in regards to this issue, and have not gotten satisfactory results
Under Colorado Simplified Procedure, service must be made 14 days before the hearing date and service must be done in person.
I told them that {$150.00} of my XX/XX/XXXX payment had gone to interest and asked if this amount was going to be reapplied to principal.
Capital One is the first one.
I 'm sure that I was not the only one caught in this dilemma with Citi/Best Buy and or other credit products you manage.
They summarize my conversations with XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX  and the woman on the conference call ; XXXX, XXXX, XXXX and XXXX  calls which match with my cell phone bill as to date, time and even duration of call.
I'M
In addition per the FDCPA section 809 validation of debt must be provided.
15 USC 1681 c ( a ) ( 5 ) states no consumer reporting agency may make any consumer report containing any of the following information ; Any adverse item of information other than records of convictions of crimes which antedates the report by more than seven years.
The agents were never available to take calls, rarely returned messages, perhaps within several days or Our agent would call to see what " he '' could help us with usually Friday afternoons at XXXX ( XXXX ) when they close office XXXX.
However I received another statement for my XX/XX/2020 payment which included a line item for past due amount and the due date still reflected XX/XX/2020.
XX/XX/XXXX, they misapplied my payment to insurance and this created an arrearage.
We have escalated the concern.
Attached is all of our documents showing when and where we sent the payments to. 


Considering they have received official notifications from XXXX that this debt is wrong, I'm shocked that they could even lie to an official credit bureau. 


How can you agree two fraud charges minus two credits equal XXXX balance but still charge me?
The very word instruction is to tell someone in words what they need to teach, inform or learn.
They would call over ten times a day requesting payment.
I have never lived at the address in question and have no intention of paying you or anyone for a bogus reporting of information.   
XXXX removed the Bankruptcy however Transunion and XXXX refused to remove it, AND ITS REPORTING " TWICE '' AS A DUPLICATE. 


I was put back on a plan that paid to exit, then I had to call to change to the plan I had requested.
The insurance company contacted XXXX XXXX XXXX to get payoff so they could send the payment for the balance of the car.
In accordance with the Fair Credit Reporting Act XX/XX/XXXX Account name : XX/XX/XXXX XX/XX/XXXX Account # XXXX, has violated my rights. 


Therefore, Experian continues to willfully report fraudulent information on my credit and it is causing me financial harm and distress.
Please update and correct my account right away. 


I begrudgingly sent my money telling him the whole time I didnt feel good but he just kept reassuring me everything was legitimate.
Please i need your assistance
I did not receive specific information about request in paper mail or email asking for information.
I am attaching one of the last disputes i mailed and also the last updated report they mailed to me with with no changes at all in any of the 3 credit bureaus.
so I asked that he just send me the documentation that would validate it.
There were several conversations about a forbearance and/or deferment for several months from XXXX XXXX through XXXX XXXX.
Section 623 ( a ) ( 4 ).


but they got a return from the post office.
In accordance with the Fair Credit Reporting act XXXX Account # XXXX XXXX XXXX, has violated my rights. 


I have not used this credit since being sold to Synchrony.
The expectation was that I would receive a final no further contact in form of letter when process completed, however I would receive 1 ) a release of the title ; 2 ) cancellation of the mortgage ; 3 ) record release of the mortgage ; 4 ) report cancellation of mortgage to credit reporting agencies as deed in lieu of foreclosure ; 5 ) report cancellation of debt to IRS ; 6 ) and final settlement paperwork upon request.
They are currently telling me that I qualify to assume the loan or to refinance to have my ex-husband 's name removed.
A FDCPA violation. 

I believe that everyone makes mistakes and deserves an opportunity to make things right.
I expressed to the agent i had filled out the necessary paperwork online dated the XXXX of XXXX XXXX to which the agent replied " The website hasn't be up for a while we never received that correspondence. ''
XXXX This complaint is to inform you that the above referenced account being reporting by your company on my credit reports is hereby disputed for lack of completeness and/or accuracy.
I asked for the Validation of the account so that I know they can legally collect in my state, have proper paperwork to collect, verify where the account came from, know I have my signature allowing a third party to collect on a debt, ect ( See attached letter for information ).
it 's the fact I should know the reason since I have excellent score.
A consumer reporting agency may decline to block, or may rescind any block, of information relating to a consumer under this section, if the consumer reporting agency reasonably determines that ( A ) the information was blocked in error or a block was requested by the consumer in error ; ( B ) the information was blocked, or a block was requested by the consumer, on the basis of a material misrepresentation of fact by the consumer relevant to the request to block ; or ( C ) the consumer obtained possession of goods, services, or money as a result of the blocked transaction or transactions.
XXXX ...
Something is very wrong with their accounting practices, interest compounding, SOMETHING.
XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX, FL ) XXXX
I was unaware of this duplicate account until later.
As a result of a matter concerning my identity being stolen 8yrs ago there is still high alert status when it comes to my credit and bank account, deposited checks etc.
Not only are they inaccurate, they are also unjust, because they should not be reporting on my credit report!
I've included a copy of my past complaint ( ID XXXX ) and also the proof the checks i sent with instruction for which account and months!
Plaintiff,   XXXX   XXXX   and/or   XXXX   XXXX   XXXX   and/or SELECT PORTFOLIO SERVICING INC and/or its agents have acted in BAD FAITH ; have harassed a discharged debtor ; have disparaged her reputations with neighbor and   XXXX   County that harassed her with lien/violation notices despite fact she was not living at the property and had wanted the owner of the Note to take the property and care for it.
By the time I found out, my student loans were 150 days late.
In doing my research this is a common complaint people have about this company.
We will contact you at the email address on file with your Venmo account should these funds be available for transfer in the future. 


I received a total of 5 levy fees from my bank, 3 in XX/XX/XXXX and 2 recently in XX/XX/XXXX.
XXXX PLEASE HELP
This is the several times I've complained about being a victim of identity theft.
As a 37 year XXXX MEMBER I HAVE NEVER BEEN PROVIDED ACCESS ON LINE.
The SANTANDER USA account 1st date of delinquency is being reported as XX/XX/XXXX on my XXXX  credit report.
I have waiting five days and it still has not arrived via fax.
These listed Violations are based on breach of fiduciary duties TILA, FCRA, XXXX, XXXX, THE Sherman Antitrust Act, FTC Act and RICO Act Your company falsely reported information that resulted in defamation of my character.
Therefor we now request a Meeting with an Executive Level Manager to address these issues immediately.
First I was told it was a 90 day time span and then it turned into a 70 day time span so I was very flustered in what to believe or if I should believe any of it at all. 

IN THIS SITUATION BECAUSE OF SOMEONE ELSE 'S SELFISH WAYS
Im pretty sure theres thousands of people who does that.
Two 30 days late and one 60 day late.
I Have Send You Court House Letter and Tracking Number to All The Dispute I Have Send in To Credit Bureaus ..
I highly recommend RoundPoint as a future company for CFPB examination activities, as it 's clear that they are having process failures resulting in illegal harassment of mortgage borro wers.
And where is the banks signature? 


When she was finished, I explained to her again that I did not have the entirety of the debt amount, and that I NEVER once received mail, correspondence, phone calls, or attempts to gain my attention at ANY time concerning this debt, and that my call was right now an attempt to settle the debt.
They placed me on hold, and the young man came back and said that they saw someone else been making payments on the loan as well.
I was personally served with a summons for an  attempt to collect a debt I had no knowledge of.
If you do not validate these accounts, I will take legal action against you.
When the bankruptcy was discharged, Chase stopped reporting my payments on the mortgage to the credit bureaus and has set the status of the mortgage account to closed.
I now owe more which is not fair making it more difficult to work out something with my lender and catch up due to internal operations and lack of due diligence.
Supposedly my last payment date was XX/XX/XXXX and my date of default was XX/XX/XXXX, account was charged off on XX/XX/XXXX.
I am maintaining a careful record of my communications with you for the purpose of filing a complaint with the FTC should you continue in your non-compliance.
Citing Unfair and Discriminatory Business Practices. 


I received and email from him XXXX for any questions.
Within a few days, i received additional correspondence, including references to overdraft protection on a new checking account - linking it to a savings account ( neither of which i opened ) and a debit card.
THE CREDIT REPORTING AGENCIES AS FOLLOW : EXPERIAN, XXXX AND XXXX ARE CURRENTLY IN VIOLATION AND HAS VOLATED MY RIGHTS UNDER FCRA AND FDCPA.
The tradelines listed below are items currently within my credit file, and none of these are related to any transaction that was made by me.
3.
This person gained access to my account and made unauthorized transactions on my account.
Since then we have talked to numerous people and supervisors and are being told that they are still reviewing situation and they will contact us when taxes are paid.
I have made a couple payments at {$1800.00} with the MI of {$170.00} & taxes/insurance included because its mandatory to have an escrow account with a FHA Loan.
It still bears my signature and date and still states the mortgage is issued to " XXXX XXXX, an unmarried man ''.
XXXX XXXX XXXX
I can confirm that I met these requirements ( Direct Deposit at least {$1000.00} into the account within 60 days ). 


( a ) ( 5 ) Section States : no consumer reporting agency may make any consumer report containing any of the following items of information Any other adverse item of information, other than records of convictions of crimes which antedates the report by more than seven years.


These accounts listed below are problematic and the need to be reinvestigated. 

In accordance with the fair credit reporting act, ( XXXX XXXX XXXX Account Number XXXX ) has violated my rights. 


Every single month since, they mail me bills with even more additional late fees.
We believe the suspect to be XXXX XXXX XXXX.
This fabricator came out and was very professional, but no one called with the results until I contacted corporate, again, and was given an estimate of {$2700.00}.
1 : Edfinancial is reporting to XXXX  that I was current XX/XX/XXXX and XX/XX/XXXX.
2 )
I was told that the notary would contact me, which I had to call the loan processor several times that Monday and Tuesday stating that the notary had not contacted me so finally Weds.
The letter reads as follows ( personal information redacted ) : "
I called all   XXXX   of the bureaus (  XXXX , equifax, and  XXXX  ) and they all told me the same thing that they are n't authorized to remove those inquiries that I had to call the companies in which the inquiries came from.
Even though their IP record shows that someone logged in from 4 different states, DC, TX, FL, and WI recently and my contact number was changed to the number that I never used, they still don't take my case as a fraud. 

If The retailer had agreed to refund me there would be no need for the dispute.
Recently the monthly mortgage payment that I am responsible for paying, and have been paying for ~20 years, was transferred to a new company.
I was notified today that they have added the collections to my XXXX report.
Researching a deferment shouldn't take 8 days.
and i want to pay for it.please help me!!!
I called citizens one bank on XX/XX/XXXX, XX/XX/XXXX, and XX/XX/XXXX.
This was from XX/XX/2015 to XX/XX/2015 which I believe was almost 7 years ago.
Even though Amex *still* has a welcome offer for that card ( though its currently showing XXXX points instead of XXXX ), there internal investigation has found that there was no offer on my card at the time I applied ( and therefore that I must have applied for a card with no particular benefits for no reason, I guess ).
( 2 ) EXCLUSIONS.Except as provided in paragraph ( 3 ), the term consumer report does not include ( A ) subject to section 1681s3 of this title, any ( i ) report containing information solely as to transactions or experiences between the consumer and the person making the report ; ( ii ) communication of that information among persons related by common ownership or affiliated by corporate control ; or ( iii ) communication of other information among persons related by common ownership or affiliated by corporate control, if it is clearly and conspicuously disclosed to the consumer that the information may be communicated among such persons and the consumer is given the opportunity, before the time that the information is initially communicated, to direct that such information not be communicated among such persons ; ( B ) any authorization or approval of a specific extension of credit directly or indirectly by the issuer of a credit card or similar device ; ( C ) any report in which a person who has been requested by a third party to make a specific extension of credit directly or indirectly to a consumer conveys his or her decision with respect to such request, if the third party advises the consumer of the name and address of the person to whom the request was made, and such person makes the disclosures to the consumer required under section 1681m of this title ; Pursuant to Federal Law 15 USC 1692 C, the debt collector XXXX XXXX must cease collection, and communication of and in reference to the alleged debt owed that I am refusing to pay.
I filed the charge back claim with the bank for the reason " 53-not as described or defective merchandise ''. 


I was told it was about a debt they claim I owe to XXXX XXXX from XXXX.
So I find this to be unlikely that I would have registered for a card with this fee.
I have recently found out I have been a victim of identity theft and someone used my information to open a couple of lines of credit with credit grantors without me knowing.
Also, after my spouse ( who has been with USAA for over 15 years ) indicated that if we are not able to have a joint account that we will no longer do business with USAA.
Towing company, XXXX XXXX # XXXX-XXXX-XXXX  
If the Items mentioned above are actual Accounts, opened by your agency, they were open without my Direct Prior Consent using my private nonpublic information to extend my consumer credit.
The company refuse to help!
Please delete this account due to wrong misleading information.
Subsequently, we sent you an email, for which a response is indicated within 48 hours.
That is a huge difference.
After we hung up, I immediately logged onto my account and it said my account was in the negative XXXX.
I am on the National DO NOT CALL list.
Most stores offer their own versions of reward cards for free
Furthermore, this has now placed us in a position where if not corrected immediately, we face being homeless.
Unfortunately, I am not able to make full payments on my loan but when I call for options on what I can do, I seem to get different answers.
Accounts XXXX and XXXX. 


I began setting up my account with them immediately upon their instructions to go online and activate the account due to an incorrect last 4-digits of my SS #.
What's more, I said, because you ran a credit report to approve me for this new card, my credit score took another hit, which is going to make it even harder for me to go elsewhere to get credit.
Payment history is incorrect, as there are no late payments at all in XXXXRemove this account and please issue XXXX for all the violations on this account. 


Although the mortgage was transferred off the system and closed to show INACTIVE at this date of XX/XX/XXXX, the assignment of mortgage remained in Mortgage Electronic Registration Systems, Inc name.
XXXX v. XXXX XXXX.
They said they have verified it but did not give details on how their investigation went..
Capital One refuses to help me with this account.
Wells Fargo refuses to remove the late charge report even though i was never late and my account shows it.
( XXXX )
After their many attempts to justify their reason of needing my social security number to identify me they used one of their internal systems to access my name and number through their system and asked me to confirm the last four digits of my SS # which the agent named " XXXX '' said she had my full social security number in front of her as proof that XXXX performed an UNAUTHORIZED CREDIT CHECK which appears on my credit report and have not provided any information besides stating a DEBT BUYER ACCOUNT.
The report states that late payments were made in the following months : XX/XX/XXXX, XX/XX/XXXX, XX/XX/XXXX, XX/XX/XXXX, XX/XX/XXXX, XX/XX/XXXX, XX/XX/XXXX.
However, because of XXXX 's actions, there were domino effects.
They promised the loan would close the first part of XXXX.
To date, I have not received any items from this merchant.
This should have never happened like this. 

I want it removed.
The other two accounts show they are included in a bankruptcy but there is no bankruptcy that is in my credit files XXXX acct XXXX, XXXX acct.
There is an imminent foreclosure and trustees sale scheduled for Thursday XX/XX/2018 at XXXX XXXX, even while litigation is pending, which would cause unjust and irreparable harm, before any trial or discovery would have had time to ensue that could prove or disprove these parties even have any lawful right to conduct such a foreclosure sale and dispossess us of our only home and dwelling. 

Corporate was able to get the estimate for me and explained the next step which was to contract the estimate.
On XXXX XX/XX/XXXX she mailed Verification of Debt requesting proof of the Original Contract by Priority Mail tracking number XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX.
I never received a card, nor a welcome package, nor did it show up on online banking.
8.
They also violated my rights under 15 U.S.C 1681 section 604 A. Section 2 : It also states a consumer reporting agency can not furnish an account without my written instructions. 


I was producing was just enough to eat and pay some bills.
From XXXX to XXXX XXXX
Even if the merchant were to somehow beat the injunction against them, the fact that the XXXX gave them an F rating tells me all I need to know that this is a scam operation.
This is the 3rd time it's happened.
How can they do this!!??
In the event these reports are not immediately updated to accurately reflect a status of no missed payment for the months of XXXX and XX/XX/XXXX, I intend on filing disputes with each credit bureau in addition to official complaints with the FTC, CFPB, BBB, and pursue other legal routes if necessary.
While refusing to acknowledge the obviously intentional attack.
As you are no doubt aware, credit reporting laws ensure that bureaus report only accurate credit information.
In accordance with the fair credit reporting act XXXX account # XXXX XXXX XXXX  account # XXXX XXXX XXXXXXXX XXXX  account XXXX XXXXXXXX XXXX account # XXXX XXXX account # XXXX XXXX XXXX account # XXXX, HAS violated my rights. 

I send it in and the system rejects it
The collection is not accurate.
When I asked Mohela why I was no put immediately on the REPAYE plan they stated that the Board of Education controls the date.
I have spoken with Commerce Bank @ XXXX and XXXX with the bank manager and she read the notes, claims that the money was returned to me in XXXX.
I was asked to call XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX and I did at XXXX and was told that they do not have a record of the account, they in turn asked me to call XXXX at XXXX XXXX and I did at XXXX and was again asked to call XXXX working Capital line XXXX XXXX ( XXXX ) without success and I was asked again to call the collection agency.
So I paid it.
I called in again and was told it was being worked on and to call back in 2 days.
I have enclosed all of the accounts If you do not remove this items in a timely matter I will file a law suit under section 617 under the color of the law.
On XX/XX/XXXX I got scammed out of {$320.00} of cashapp and I call and texted them about it and they told me that they cant do anything about it and lied to me about it
I NO LONGER ON AND WAS RETURNED TO THE COMPANY
I have been working on fixing errors in my credit report from XX/XX/2020.
Your silence is your acquiescence.
This is not my debt and this is not legal to put something on someones credit without prrof of debt and no attempt to reach them to allow them to dispute the matter or even see if its legit which it is not.
The amount of the debt is {$1200.00} for a debt owed to XXXX XXXX.
I 'm trying to get a loan for a house and this is the only thing holding me back.
Years of XXXX to XXXX I was strangling with personal financial situations, I work on commission and little money
B of A told me the increase of the mod payment was for the shortage we are behind.
XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX DISCOVER BANK XX/XX/22 RE : We have already disputed these accounts.
I changed my subscription to a monthly subscription prior to my renewal date, but they did not process it and charged me for the full 6 months for {$270.00}.
I have had a Southwest Credit card ( through Chase ) for over 7 years.
This has put full stress on my XXXX year old wife and I am XXXX as we can not take this anymore.
He stated that my county taxes had been reduced and my new payment was {$910.00}.
I should not be held liable for accounts that a company allowed someone else to open in my name and am furious that they have not taken them off my reports.
XXXX Capital one sent me letter of pre-approval for car refinance, and i ended up with Hard inquiry. 


I have applied for XXXX Student loan consolidation and refinance loan options and can not get approved and my credit score is in the high XXXX 's and my income is far above the national average. 


My payment for my lienholder XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX is due on XX/XX/XXXX and Lending Club is asking me to make my first payment on XX/XX/XXXX.
Inaccurate credit reports directly impair the efficiency of the banking system, and unfair credit reporting methods undermine the public confidence which is essential to the continued functioning of the banking system ; ( 3 ) Consumer reporting agencies have ASSUMED a vital role in assembling and evaluating consumer credit and other information on consumers ; AND, ( 4 ) There is a need to insure that consumer reporting agencies exercise their grave responsibilities with fairness, impartiality, and a RESPECT for the consumers right to privacy. 


I need real evidence.
In lieu of sending the information you can reopen the dispute and ensure a proper investigation is performed. 

My name is XXXX XXXX XXXX there is no third party involved in the filing of this complaint and this complaint has not been made in error.
I gave the man an address where he could send documentation of the purported debt but he continued to ask for proof of my fathers death.
I felt very harassed and was forced into setting up a payment arrangement that was financially out of reach for me.
I received no confirmation email and did not receive any response from the retailer.
I contacted them offering them {$300.00} to settle and informed they are charging me more than my balance when my account was charged off/closed.
I get the same results and I have had it, It makes it look very bad on my credit report, and reporting negatively.
However, that tracking number shows a In transit update dated XXXX XXXX, 2017 from XXXX XXXX.
I had 2 prior consecutive loans right before this one
XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX, XXXX, OH   XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX, XXXX, OH  
I am a victim of identity theft and did not make the following charges or changes.
Deceptions and shortcuts in mortgage servicing will not be tolerated, '' said CFPB Director XXXX XXXX.
I am not sure why is it XXXX because I have no payment history, never gotten any loans out or anything.
I gave no instruction to have {$19000.00}.
no one has gotten back to me.
My new  XXXX   XXXX  vehicle became stranded in  XXXX , Florida on Saturday,  XXXX   XXXX ,  2017 .
I have informed the company to stop and they are not responding.
My mom told them I was still in XXXX
In accordance with the Fair Credit Reporting act.
This auto loan is being reported on my credit report unlawfully without my consent.
I did not give anyone authorization or consent to use my personal information.
My SSN last XXXX digits XXXX.
He was able to make a payment to the paypal account of Customer A 's wife before whoever was behind the fraud could access the funds from paypal and did this because he was unable to get ahold of paypal as they no longer operate telephone services and do not respond to time sensitive messages.
CARD ENDING WITH XXXX
Thank you for your time, XXXX XXXX SS # : XXXX Date of Birth : XX/XX/XXXX BCC : Consumer Financial Protection Bureau XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX, Iowa XXXX
Both under the pretense of " soft pulls '' but are showing up on my XXXX   credit file.
I went down to fax the documents that they needed and still, they don't want to open up the card.
On XX/XX/XXXX I sent a follow up letter to Sunrise Credit Services Inc.,  informing XXXX XXXX, who's name was on their XX/XX/XXXX response letter, that A PRINTOUT OF A BILL OR ITEMIZED DOCUMENT DOES NOT CONSTITUTE VERIFICATION, as per FTC opinion letter from attorney XXXX XXXX XXXX. 

They keep telling me I own late fees of different amounts from XXXX dollars to XXXX.
I don't want their errors to impact my payment history and it could result in a foreclosure based on their losing payments. 



So I would take what wells Fargo says with a grain of salt.
XX/XX/XXXX FAY Servicing provided me a Verbal Approval for a ( 5 ) month repayment plan on XX/XX/XXXX.
I would also like to know the legality behind a court filing judgement from another state, although the contract was signed in XXXX.
XXXX XXXX XX/XX/XXXXXXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX Collections : XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXXXXXX Inquiries XXXX XXXX XXXXXXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX Equifax EMPLOYER XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXXXXXX Inquiries : XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX
2.
The Act directed that coins of prescribed weights of gold and silver be coined, ranging from ten dollar " eagles to half-cents.
60 days came and went ( XX/XX/XXXX ).
Sincerely, XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX
Dear CFPB, Last month I applied for a balance transfer with PNC Bank.
Furthermore, the contact phone number associated with this mortgage account was not our, further displaying Mr. Coopers disorganization and unprofessionalism. 

I have no groceries and my parents have had to feed myself and my family.
I am a victim of identity theft and I received a fraud alert from Experian in reference to unauthorized and fraudulent inquiries listed on my Experian credit report.
I have no knowledge of these following inquiries.
I got my report back
The debt collection agency is committing fraud and has hurt me financially and has prevented me from abtaining employment i would suspect.
Be aware that I am making a final goodwill attempt to have you clear up this matter.
According to the act, there shall be no charge for this updated report.
I DID NOT GIVE NY PERMISSION TO REPORT THIS ACCOUNT
The amount was debited next day from XXXX bank account ( XXXX XXXX XXXX ), but it never got deposited to Citizens bank accounts nor it was returned back to XXXX XXXX.
Which makes absolutely zero sense because I have replaced my Wells Fargo credit card many times this past year due to fraud and I never had a random charge on my same credit card statement called balance transfer. 

Here is my story once again # 1 I called to inquire about a hamp modification and how do I apply?
Such regulations shall prevent a finance charge from being imposed on any obligor if the creditor has received the obligors payment in readily identifiable form, by XXXX XXXX.
Under the provisions of FACTA/FCRA, upon receipt of a credit bureau report dispute from a client, the Bank must immediately place a dispute code on its subscribing credit bureau reports.
In total, the first 3 representatives I spoke to had no help and continued to blame the wrong cause of this issue, insufficient funds, or push the envelope to someone else.
I need the following included in the audit trail :
In carrying out its obligation under paragraph ( 2 ), the reseller shall promptly provide a notice to the consumer of the decision to block the file.
That payment hasnt been reapplied to principal and my loans continue to show more interest accrual daily.
I looked at the report and noticed we are suppose to of been recieving victims compensation for many years now coming from XXXX County.
I do not owe this money and this is to be removed from my report within 30 days!
I finally took the time to investigate why my escrow is so off.
I am NOT going to stop writing until this is taken seriously and someone listens to the recordings of my phone calls with JP Morgan Chase representatives as verification of my story and the documents that I have mailed to JP Morgan Chase in the timely manner requested are included in the package as well as the rest of the documents that are mostly from JP Morgan Chase since hardly any of them are included but I did indeed mail them.
When we called them up and told them CFPB had helped resolve this issue they said it would be fixed. 


you have on file of the accounts listed below.
I have 3 Hard Inquiries XX/XX/XXXX - XX/XX/XXXX - XX/XX/XXXX
In the beginning of the workout I was given a 12 month repayment plan and I was able to pay back 6 months of it.
On XX/XX/2020 I have submitted dispute documents for those unknown and inaccurate accounts on my credit report.
Disputed information on my report, and nothing was done iam a victim of identity theft I have police report to prove it aswell
Equifax recently was found guilty of having inaccurate information on millions of consumer reports, that prevented people from other wise being approved for loans. 


The person who was to have updated my bank account information to deduct my payments did not do so correctly, and the result was me making my payment manually on XX/XX/XXXX ( 5 days after the due date ) for the amount of {$1100.00}.
I am not sure how this happened, I believe that I had made my payments to you when I received my statements.
I have provided bank statements  4 or 5 times, with proof each time of 2 years back payments to them over the last 7  years we have been fighting with them.
XXXX XXXX XXXX has violated my rights. 


The following accounts are, ( 1 ) XXXX XXXX XXXX {$110.00} ( 2 ) XXXX XXXX, ( 3 )
This issue caused me to fall even further behind on other bills including my mortgage in which I had to get modified around the same time frame of XX/XX/XXXX.I have a mortgage that I have fell behind on now again and it 's going into default again.gm reposessed the car on Mother 's Day because it was 3 mos behind in which I thought that it was 2mos behind.im a single parent and I am employed.
Transunion is incorrectly changing my credit score and is not using the proper information to calculate my score.
I know with any loan company they will send you a letter saying the reason.
There should be only one ( 1 ) item, not four as submitted by Phoenix Financial Services.
I also read something called the Fair Credit Reporting Act where it said by the law, I had the right to challenge anything I am not sure is accurate.
XXXX XXXX :
I stated I had not received any information in the mail in regards to this suit and asked that why Had I not been contacted.
The website states that during a COVID-19 forbearance interest is not capitalized.


15 U.S.C 1681 section 602 A. State I have the right to privacy.


Mortgage servicer Carrington Mortgages LLC claims that I mistyped my account number when attempting to make payment via their payment website on my mortgage for XX/XX/XXXX.
Yes back on XXXX XXXX my friend sent me a XXXX payment and without warning citibank closed my account and told me I would get a check with my money I have had in there so I waited its been a month and a half now and still says my account is open they haven't closed it
They know that I can not afford an attorney to fight this issue.
On XX/XX/XXXX, my loan was reported as over 365 days delinquent to the credit bureaus, even though I had been told numerous times that I was in good standing.
This information is inaccurate and its really hindering me.
In addition, explain how the added interest, fees or other charges are expressly authorized by the agreement creating the debt or are permitted by law.
SO please comply with the law so this matter can be handled swiftly. 


After many phones calls to XXXX and to Truist Bank, still NO rely or return calls. 

the property was no where near a foreclosure sale being scheduled.
I sent TransUnion another letter requesting they describe the method of verification used to validate and verify the disputed items.
I do understand that this situation was initially was my fault-
15 U.S.C 1681i States : ( a ) Reinvestigations of disputed information ( 1 ) Reinvestigation required ( A ) In general Subject to subsection ( f ) and except as provided in subsection ( g ), if the completeness or accuracy of any item of information contained in a consumers file at a consumer reporting agency is disputed by the consumer and the consumer notifies the agency directly, or indirectly through a reseller, of such dispute, the agency shall, free of charge, conduct a reasonable reinvestigation to determine whether the disputed information is inaccurate and record the current status of the disputed information, or delete the item from the file in accordance with paragraph ( 5 ), before the end of the 30-day period beginning on the date on which the agency receives the notice of the dispute from the consumer or reseller.


That same day I received an email from Chase following up with my case and assigned me a claim number XXXX.
Wells Fargo verbally told me they 'd make me whole if they could n't get to the bottom of it, but when I 've called the last several weeks looking for an update they ' have been unresponsive.
A Section 2 : It also states a consumer reporting agency can not furnish an account without my written instructions.
They listed an incorrect school on one of the loans - one I have not even attended so I wanted a paper copy. 

vol.
To me this is blatant skewing of the law and there documentation to keep people from requesting the EPP. 

They never received any kind of response to so the bill was forwarded to us.
I allowed a store card from Amazon.com to become delinquent.
The processor responding to what he wanted to, you answer my calls when you felt like it and the list goes on.
I am a working union tradesman with funds to save my home.
I recently sent letters over 60 days ago to XXXX  and they are disregarding a regular consumer disputes.
I will take legal action against you if you do not validate these items.
I made a payment of XXXX dollars to my Target credit card on XX/XX/2020.
XXXX 
I called Bank of America on XX/XX/XXXX  to let them know I was going to be out of the country and using the card as my main and only form of payment from  XX/XX/XXXX  through  XX/XX/XXXX .
Failure to respond with the completed CREDITORDISCLOSURE STATEMENT, thereby providing your verified Proof of Claim, signed under the penalties of Perjury and verified by your affidavit, you, MONEYLION INC # XXXX, Inc are agreeing to your Commercial Dishonor, exhausting My AdministrativeRemedies.
Although I am checking for and addressing missing and or deficient aspects of REPORTING COMPLIANCES and not contesting any debt of compliant nature, I should make you aware that since unlawful reporting transitions collection into an equally not complaint circumstance.
Yes, with our BOA Mobile Banking Security Guarantee, you are protected by the same security you're used to where you will not be liable for fraudulent transactions ( when reported promptly ) and we will help keep your information safe. ''
I have always made my payments on time.
a couple weeks later they reported my account 30 days delinquent for XX/XX/. I filed a complaint and demonstrated that I was not delinquent for XX/XX/.
The Comenity is intentionally making it so hard to pay your bill ( and I pay mine off monthly ), that you have no choice but to carry a balance, accrue interest, and pay unnecessary service fees. 


Consumers can sue for damages, like lost wages and medical bills.
I will be taking action.
For the transaction to be processed in a difference currency is to be expected and that's what I thought was happening.
I am demanding a cease and desist of all illegal activity, any communication and collection activity, of this and any alleged debts until XXXX  XXXX XXXX can provide me with sufficient documentary evidence, such as a trilateral contract, that I have any legal obligation to pay them.
Not only are they inaccurate, they are also unjust, because they should not be reporting on my credit report!
According to : 15 U.S.C. 1681s-2 ( A ) ( 1 )
# XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX ACCOUNT #
The rep removed the late charge and told me it shouldn't be an issue after the explanation and since I had the card almost a decade with no issues.
I read the article and felt immediately that this claim is fraudulent.
Unknown debt over 3 months now and no information given.
Keep in mind that it is impossible to be late on an account where nothing is owed and nothing is past due.
On this plan the unit in the money of account will continue to be.
This behavior seems to encourage creditors to disregard robust investigations.
BY CREDIT GRANTOR LAST PAID : XX/XX/XXXX
I think he has cleaned 1 of her accounts completely out, I'm not sure how much money he has scammed her out of in a month but it's been couple XXXX dollars.
I was never NEVER informed of this debt so in accordance with FCRA This is not a valid report and is illegal to report this to any agency!
I would submit a payment and it would take their system sometimes more that 5 days to take the money out of my bank account.
As with adjustable my payment in XX/XX/XXXX was XXXX which is the only time it can adjust yet all of a sudden now you are charging a different amount which is illegal and the changes were never put in to writing from you.
I was Racially profiled by Bank of America and they closed my account.
Per South Carolina law, I should have only been charged {$180.00} on this {$1200.00} loan.
I requested to speak to XXXX 's Supervisor.
Elan told me they could not get my bank a picture of the check, they could not overnight the check, they could not transfer the funds electronically.
XXXX XXXX XXXX Account Number :
{$180.00} This is where the resolution kicks in.
Navient was added thousands of dollars onto my interest charges during that time span.
I had made efforts to get documents faxed over to them.
The wire transfer amount can not be arbitrary as it was the amount in both accounts. 

re financing is very difficult for private loans because the other options available are not much better-
I once again called the Supervisor of the Legal Resolution department who stated unequivocally that they submitted the information to Equifax that this account does not belong to me and should be removed from my credit report.
and I was willing to pay it.
I spoke with   XXXX   and they stated that  XXXX   XXXX  can pull my credit if  XXXX  allows it.
No call from target.com about this issue.
I do not understand why they are abusing consumers
Bank of America card was opened under my name at a different address and charged XXXX.
A debt collector may not engage in any conduct the natural consequence of which is to harass, oppress, or abuse any person in connection with the collection of a debt.
I waited a few weeks and when I did not see the subsequent changes to my credit score I  called them back on XX/XX/XXXX.
These companies continue to electronically verify these " ghost '' accounts without providing any legally binding evidence, such as a signed contract and complete accounting of the record, as required by law.
Lease to '' date of XX/XX/2017 and " move out '' date of XX/XX/2017 showcase that I in fact did not terminate the lease early, nor stay beyond the " lease to '' date.
No matter what I do after discovering this overdraft and NSF, I have had transfer funds between my personal and business account and try to cover purchase but as I am not able to log in every day to monitor or meeting the cut off time at times and once the overdraft started i.e
I have questions in regards to the solutions that do n't apply to my client.
Section 611 ( a ) it is plainly stated that failure to investigate these items within 30 days gives a reason to immediately remove those items from my credit report.
I do this and still nothing happens.
Despite providing them with PIN they provide I can not unlock my information.
Citibank probably caught the way it was broken up by the breakdown amounts.
I noticed it had a past due amount of XXXX.
These accounts are not mine & need to be delete from my credit report
CHASE Credit CardXXXX XXXX, XXXXClosed $ XXXX DetailsLast Reported XXXX XXXX, XXXXCreditor Name CHASEAccount Type Credit CardAccount Status Closed - DerogatoryOpened Date XXXX XXXX, XXXX Date XXXX XXXX, XXXX $ XXXX --
I proceeded to call Experian where I was repeatedly asked what new information did I have available.
This {$2000.00} was in addition to my regular automated payments. 


( ii ) Reporting.
Over the past 5 years you have improperly reported this account to the credit bureau of XXXX.
I was having such a difficult time that my loans fell out of deferment.
Your non-compliance with my request will also be construed as an absolute waiver of all claims to enforce the debt against me and your implied agreement to compensate me for court costs and attorney fees if I am forced to bring this matter before a judge. 


See supporting documents.
Once they informed me of the escrow shortage that I had to dig and dig to get them to explain why my escrow went negative by a massive amount and nearly doubled my house payment every month.
I need help.
He then stopped paying on the boat loan with XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX and had the boat repossessed by them.
15 USC 1681 c. ( a ) ( 5 ) section states : no consumer reporting agency mau make any consumer report containing any of the following items of information.
I recently applied for a loan modification that was deliberately delayed and denied without reason as I struggled to make our monthly payments and continued being harassed daily.
AMEX refuses to listen to the consumer and is deceptively telling them they are n't responsible for the charges.
These inaccuracies are causing creditors to deny me credit.
I have reviewed my credit report and found wrong, inaccurate fraudulent accounts on my report.
Sent Equifax cease & desist to stop furnishing illegal reporting activities.
I filed a complaint with FedLoan Servicing about the misreporting of my timely payment.
After this was clearly stated on phone with two representatives, ...
Not only is this not in compliance with the EFTA XXXX day notice prior to the reversal of credits, I received it XXXX days after the funds were taken from my account AND the notice ( attached ) states that the funds were to be deducted the same day of the notice.
The original Application or contract ; 2.
I have employed business managers and worked with personal bankers to insure my affairs are not out of order.
I have filed a complaint with the XXXX.
A Section 2 : It also states a consumer reporting agency can not furnish without my written instructions.
i notified XXXX of the situation and they did an investagation and gave us our money back.
Any time I have ever called, I get passed around for hours until I magically get disconnected.
In XX/XX/XXXX, because of the pandemic, I abandoned XXXX.
When I call in to get it unblocked, I am told the department is 'closed '. 


A list of tile sections of tile FCRA cross-referenced to the U.S Code is at the end of this document. 

At no point before this was I ever made aware of this 10 year term.
My  credit score at t hat time was over  XXXX .   
Reported a {$14.00} balance and XXXX XXXX  late on XX/XX/XXXX.
This is not my fault because back in XX/XX/2019 I reach out to Bank of America representative and my Balloon loan expire in XXXX he sat on my application and waited until the Balloon loan expire when I called him he said he never submitted my application leave me in a bad situation which now I can loose my house please help me right now I am planning my mother funeral and this is too much stress for me and my family PLEASE!!!!!!
We are going to be in Court in case my property is not return for the next 50 years I am sure of it. 

They never discussed what my options were but demanded disrespectfully what I needed to do immediately.
Transcripts associated with any account attached to the consumer 's name and credit should be available and accessible for review and legal representation.
I have recently studied constitutional consumer protection laws along with civil/federal court procedures.
15 U.S.C 1681 section 602 A. States I have the right to privacy.


I do not believe that they did any research to see that the clinic was indeed fraudulent, deceptive, and that the product was not as advertised. 


I had made other check deposits from the same XXXX XXXX account into this Bank of America account this year.
The balance is still showing the amount of {$2700.00}.
What evidence can this bank provide me as proof that they did?
He presented himself as the one who would come in and fix everything.
I was not notified by Schwab or even recieved a Email to explain why.
15 U.S.C 1681 Section 604
I was advised there as nothing they could do because of my debt/income ratio pass too high.
The foregoing Loan Modification Agreement, however, was the wrong loan document upon which CitiMortgage filed this action.
My dispute started XX/XX/19, the rep informed my the dispute investigation takes from 45 days to 90 days to complete.
XXXX XXXX XXXX
This alert on my credit report has caused my credit score to drop XXXX points and has caused severe stress to me. 


When car was there noticed sales person being like always and said that car was being repo because we failed to make payment for being negligent and not making my car payments ; my boyfriend drove car he had just recently gone through a major surgery in  XXXX   and is carrying a temporary bag.
I consistently reminded each person, just because you have a right to collect a penalty does not make it the right thing to do.
In accordance with The fair Credit reporting act.
Several reasons were given, several are which not true.
Likewise, these COLLECTION ACCOUNTS are also not mine.
I knew fully well that ALL of my savings would be going into my house, and my realtor and lender both knew this.
I disputed 3 times this account for the same reason thru XXXX  but they ( the collector ) don't want to remove the collection from my credit ( remains in every single dispute ) which is hurting my credit record. 


However, I had not known about this bill because I was not told about this payment due.
On XX/XX/XXXX, I tried talking on the phone with a Serve representative who told me that he would talk to a supervisor to unlock the account but nothing happened since.
This is a violation of the Fair Credit Reporting Act Section 1681b ( c ) and a serious breach of my privacy rights XXXX XXXX XXXX, XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX, XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX, XXXX XXXX XXXX, XXXX, XXXX XXXX XXXX, XXXX XXXX, XXXX XXXX, XXXX XXXX, XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX, XXXX XXXX XXXX, XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX, XXXX
I received a letter from him via email but the letter did not have any information referencing the loan number or his signature.
My credit is my lively hood.
My car was totaled in XXXX.
What arrived was a letter on XXXX XXXX. 


I XXXX from XXXX when it was beginning here in the USA at that time.
Last time I was tols it takes 30 days to process the voucher, but today is over this limit, and the credit not applied.
Company keeps sending letters stating the account is valid when clearly it is not.
On XXXX/XXXX/16, we sent a payment for {$6700.00} paying the balance in full as the letter requested.
XXXX XXXX XXXXXXXX
Yes it was with my mothers Permission.
I have been trying to remove this debt from my credit report for XXXX years with no success.
I told the consumer reporting agencies I would like to see verified proof and to do a re-investigation on the accounts I have listed below. 


XXXX only reporting me 30 days late in XX/XX/2015.
This concept is supported by earlier writings of XXXX XXXX in his " Notes on the Establishment of a Money Unit, and of a Coinage for the United States '' ( XXXX ), and the XXXX report to the President of the XXXXontinental Congress on the coinage of the United States by the Superintendent of Finances, XXXX XXXX, which was apparently prepared by the Assistant Superintendent, Gouverneur XXXX.
Every question i attempted to ask, was a legitimate question, yet this person did not listen, talked over me and hung up on me.
Afterwards the two credit reporting agencies made three changes on my credit report.
The Nelnet representative stated the information they received disqualifying me was from when my loan was with XXXX and I needed to contact them for more information.
I did not receive any money, goods, or services as a result of the identity theft.
So all in all, this loan mod, was to save me {$75.00} a month but at the end of the day ... ..
My paycheck was deposited within this time frame which was the reason for my request.
Stating that I need to continue paying until XXXX 2017 at an additional cost of {$6900.00} ( $ XXXX/mo ).
Deposit Activities Move Payments to Deposit Ledge ( XXXX ) Move Payments to Deposit Ledge ( XXXX )
It should matter where it came from as long as they was helping.
balance is zero, credit history is excellent. 

did not cancel my credit card due to the affect on my credit.
I therefore called in XXXX 2015only to be told that the claim was permanently closed!
My story is, and sticking to IT.
After consulting with our builder, engineers, and third party assistance we provided Citizens Bank with the timeline of events on XX/XX/XXXX. 


they don't I don't sleep good since the hurricane which was beginning of XXXX and have lost XXXX pounds because while I'm dealing with credit agencies, running my business 12 hours a day I'm also dealing with fraud in my own accounts two loan companies went in my bank account stole like XXXX XXXX now I'm dealing with my bank which I'm not too happy with them either but also insurance companies and filling all the paperwork for everyone nonstop and everything takes so long I'm about to lose it.
XXXX XXXX Date : Mon, XX/XX/XXXX at XXXX XXXX Subject : Fwd : ***URGENT*** re : XXXX XXXX, Loan # XXXX ; Payoff
The loan officer who never returned my calls is : XXXX.
The balance of that loan was also {$0.00} not - {$400.00}.
I asked You once again to cease and desist thank you!
My Mileage Plus United Chase Visa card, XXXX of XXXX credit cards with Chase, had {$10000.00} balance due per the previous months statement that I paid it off on XXXX XXXX, 2015.
In accordance with the Fair Credit Reporting Act Everything has to be 100 % accurate on my credit report.
I have reached out to my bank, XXXX XXXX multiple times and they have noted that they can not review the transaction on their end since nothing ever came through.
This agent after going into my account sited my total balance of my loan that I needed to pay was {$23000.00}.
Otherwise, anyone paying for your reporting services could fax, mail or email in a fraudulent account.


A call back number of XXXX is given however when I attempt to call back it states the person at ext XXXX is not available and to leave a message.
I have a checking and credit card account with Bank of America.
No one knew that I had ordered a TV, and I have never lost a drivers license.
AND WE ARE NO CLOSER. 

A Section 2 : It also states a consumer reporting agency can not furnish a account without my written instructions
SEVERAL YEARS AGO I RESPONDED TO A PROMOTION BY PHONE CONCERNING, HIGH SPEED INTERNET WIRELESS GATEWAY.
On XX/XX/2022, I the consumer notified TransUnion through the CFPB portal of an account ( XXXX XXXX XXXX that was furnished fraudulently on my consumer report without the consent of the consumer or the order of a court having jurisdiction to issue such an order, or a subpoena issued in connection with proceedings before a Federal grand jury pursuant to 15 USC 1681b ( a ) ( 1 ) under permissible purposes of consumer reports.
My situation is complicated and I would like to explain in more detail in person or the telephone.
I reviewed the credit card agreement online which states : " You agree to pay us in United States dollars.
The account status should be " Pays as agreed '' and the payment History is incomplete and reporting information Derogatory when it should be in a positive standing.
I am the natural person thus the original creditor.
LA told me I could NOT negotiate the {$45000.00} in fees added to the mortgage balance.
I could not believe my eyes when I saw my credit score.
She started up with that " our policy '' nonsense.

5 only name i use is XXXX XXXX XXXX.
I just paid this loan off and I have paid back the {$1500.00} in FULL, but now having FORBEARANCE on my account is also going to hurt my credit.
I was instructed to wire {$32000.00} needed for the impending closing early to prevent another delay in closing on the property.
Bank of America won't answer any questions regarding this case either.
I had to be fingerprinted to do Auto Insurance.
I submitted a request to update my mortgage information to all 3 major credit bureaus in XX/XX/XXXX.
My account was frozen due to to unknown reason.
Also, there are 3 accounts that are passed the statutes of limitations since the account was originally first reported on my report.
I am very confident that you are in violation of the ( FCRA ) and ( FCBA ) sections ( 1666, 1666a. 1666b., and 1666c. )
As Shown in Exhibit H.

Recent Balance.
Instead of honoring the request he called promising that Nationwide could do the loan in two days.
Furnishers must comply with federal regulations that identify when an information furnisher must investigate a dispute made directly to the furnisher by a consumer.
Hate Comenity Bank they do n't care if you are up to date with your account.
On XX/XX/2022, I received confirmation that they removed the {$860.00} from the force placed escrow account and acknowledged that I did not owe the money.
They should not even be writing me about debt.
XXXX has not provided me with any written correspondence or written documentation of any negative accounts they have listed belonging to me.
This information was also provided to Navy Federal.
I have tried contacting the credit bureaus and no one was able to help me I was just being passed around to the department.
In XXXX I lost my job which was with a nonprofit.
I requested deletion letters for both hard inquiries.
&
When I call to check on each respected document with each bureau I am given the " run-around ''.
I have received late fees and other fraudulent fees.
I sent a letter regarding inaccurate and unknown things on my credit report, To this day over 60 days later i have not received a response yet.
I sent a letter regarding inaccurate and unknown things on my credit report to this day over 60 days later I have not received a response yet.
When we finally connected ( he was out of town and unreachable for at least 2 weeks ), I explained the entire situation to XXXX in granular detail and he asked me for any supporting documentation, including the XXXX case information.
I received no correspondence from XXXX or Experian, but XXXX did send me a stall letter, after the XXXX days they are allowed by law, claiming they felt I did not right the previous letters but instead used a company to do so on my behalf.
I applied for an XXXX XXXX card from Bank of America.
These issues have brought me to attempted suicide and add to my stress to where I ended up having a misscarriage.
so XXXX I'm the scammer whos on my Credit reports all three of them Living in XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX
back.
When he told me the amount, it was less than I was told before.
They kept lying telling me they disputed n its not reporting but it keep reporting this inaccurate information without my authorization.
On that day, I had several payments taken out of my account and returned to him, totaling {$3100.00}.
I called to get extension for XXXX and XXXX the lady I spoke with stated that I was able to get the extension and I would pay XX/XX/2022.
the representative was harsh and unwilling to work with me.
Hi I am submitting this XXXX XXXX
I don't.
As a bank it is their burden to verify the check was deposited into the correct account, and especially for such a large amount to have been deposited into somebody else 's account is reckless.
Comenity has been updating their website for a while now and I havent been able to pay my card.
Please investigate and remove these accounts from my credit report or I will have to refer the matter to my attorney and take immediate legal action against you.
She stated that she needed to research it.  
I asked for a new card. 


The next day another employee with Prosper called with an option to settle the account in XXXX payment instead of the agreed upon plan the day before.
After I pulled my credit for myself, I notice unknown, suspicious accounts.
In accordance with the Fair Credit Reporting Act, XXXX XXXX # XXXX, has violated my rights. 


I spoke to all three in XX/XX/2018.
Terms also included that a XXXX account was to be opened and the payments to be on auto debit.
In XX/XX/2020 I authorized monthly drafts for repayment of my loans.
We immediately started paying the mortgage again in XXXX, but remain one month behind.
Now these criminals have a much much much larger problem because when the fictitious name class action lawsuit becomes public and goes viral they will go out of business because I will continue my research and figure out how they sell people as Bonds on the       XXXX   XXXX   XXXX   XXXX   and commit fraud against the United States Treasury getting funds that are invalid big  XXXX   XXXX   XXXX  crazy Bankers  XXXX  everybody over that is exactly what they do they lie cheat and steal continuously and get away with it
I'm going to save some cash, well all of that turn into a nightmare, i signed the papers and everything on XX/XX/2020 with the notary and she also said the loan was going to fe funded before XXXX ended.
My husband and I filled out the mortgage assistance application as we were advised to do.
On my credit report recieved by XXXX it is listed that I have no Employment information and on my report received by TransUnion it is reported that I have been employed by the XXXX since XX/XX/XXXX.
I pray the CFPB will look into this, so it will not happen to other people. 

Requestor ( myself ) : XXXX XXXX Contact :
I also sent documentation to the credit agency to verify my statement.
I am in the process of planning a legal case, so I need specific answers to the specific questions asked of you in this letter.


My wife and I are once again applying for a VA backed mortgage.
On XX/XX/XXXX, I received a Final Notice Before Tax Sale from the county property tax office.
To Whom It May Concern, Hello, my name is XXXX XXXX, and I am writing to delete the following information in my file.
This is illegal and I demand that these items be immediately removed from my credit profile permanently.
Because having a checking account is important to me I decided to try to make some extra money.
I called  US ba nk to try to identify a no fee way to pay my mortgage, and they informed me that I could open  a US B ank account to avoid the fee if I wanted to.
XXXX Balance : {$1500.00} XXXX  XXXX Balance : {$330.00} XXXX  XXXX Balance : {$400.00} XXXX XX/XX/XXXX XXXX XX/XX/XXXX XXXX XX/XX/XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX, TX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX, TN XXXX XXXX XXXX  XXXX Balance : {$0.00} XXXX XXXX  XXXX Balance : {$0.00} XXXX XXXX XXXX Balance : {$1000.00} XXXX  XXXX Balance : {$660.00} XXXX XXXX Balance : {$14000.00} XXXX XXXX Balance : {$140.00} CB INDIGO XXXX Balance : {$0.00} XXXX XXXX XXXX Balance : {$500.00} XXXX  ( Original Creditor : XXXX XXXX XXXX )
Wells Fargo stopped accepting my XXXX home insurance and I was never notified so they brought on their own company causing my mortgage to increase by several hundred dollars.
Disclosure information and fee are different then final documents received.
I have been informed today by " XXXX '' that the only way I could have avoided paying interest on those purchases was to pay the balance in full, including that portion subject to the promotional 0 % APR, rendering the promotions fraudulent.
We did receive an initial letter confirming our enrollment in the program but I can not find at this time.
Disputed once, and Experian will not remove it.
Thank you
I am kindly requesting US BANK ( Date opened XX/XX/2020 ) to remove this missed payment from my credit reports as a gesture of goodwill.
Step 4 : What company is this complaint about?
I purchased my home in XX/XX/XXXX ( what I thought was the end of the financial crisis ).
( a ) Reinvestigation ( 1 ) Reinvestigation ( a ) In general.
In either event I request that a true original copy of right to pursue collection be established with each respective credit reporting agency, and if a debt purchase the guidelines proving transfer of ownership must be submitted to all credit bureaus as well as me personally to validate ownership and the right to collect.
I explained the same thing to her as I am typing right now.
They would be charging me 20 % interest if I had not made the additional payments which where not credited and I believe I have done everything within reason to resolve this and am being ignored by this institution.
Once the supervisor was on the phone I begin explaining the situation to him as well.
After doing some research I found two addresses to the Department of Education.
TD XXXX Card Services has also sent invoices, per them, to the wrong address at least once, as my address was never updated on my invoices.
My payment of {$750.00} was due on XXXX/XXXX/16.
She told me that the new account will be connected to my check card since the old account will be frozen till the procedure is completed, and later on closed.
Please investigate Chase Bank!
We received the car title in the mail along with an overpayment check from Capital One on XX/XX/2021 in the amount of {$48.00}.
I will submit my proof here as well as I am seeking my fair right as a consumer to have these items removed.
The company have wrote me informing me that they would remove the inquiry and they even informed me that the credit card application was not in my name.
However, I have another balance, which is accruing interest at 26 %.
They called from XXXX.
I looked on the report and filed a dispute with XXXX and they sent me right back to Wells Fargo Bank. 

He stated that the extension was no longer an option.
Please investigate this egregious act of ommission on the part of Equifax.
I was very surprised and called Chase.
She said I violated the card rules!
I sold some stocks on XXXX XX/XX/2021 XXXX )
When I called XXXX I informed them about what Southwest Credit Systems said.
X 3.
I also have text alert.
I need that money back
15U.S.C 1681 Section 604
I HAVE NOTICED THAT THERE ARE MULTIPLE ACCOUNTS THAT ARE REPORTING LATE PAYMENT HISTORY WHICH ARE IN ERROR.
Accordingly, I am making a request for a free credit report with confirmation number to my attached email address.
XXXX XXXX was done by fraud and it still on my credit report and it needs to be removed it says its closed
I have reached out to LVNV Funding LLC/Resurgent twice already to dispute the collections.
Investigations have been continuously, with previous verdicts not in my favor from XXXX, XXXX and Experian, However, XXXX ( which is the Bureau that previously leaked millions on Consumers information and was the sole target of one of the largest data breaches in history ), has not complied and WILL NOT comply with this request.
As of today, my score has still not been updated.
As stated in my complaint to the CFPB, Shellpoint has ignored the terms of the contract, altered the previous pay history to " correct '' the mishandling of the terms.
I have no affiliation with XXXX XXXX XXXX and XXXX XXXX.
According to her, any points deducted from my score during this process would be reimbursed as soon as I reconnected my bank account.
It 's my ONLY way of accessing my funds from my PayPal account. 


XXXX - XXXX/XXXX/XXXX It is Experians responsibility to make sure a creditor provides a clear reason along with permission before releasing a credit report of a consumer.
I can tell my business is appreciated.


I DEMAND to see all 100 % verifiable proof that I was indeed Verifiably late on these accounts and the creditor fulfilled its obligations under ( XXXX XXXX ( a ) ( 2 ) ),
My credit score used to be over XXXX and now it is in the XXXX 's, due to this debt, which is reported twice on my credit report, as XXXX charged it off to another lender, XXXX.
I received a rejection letter from One Main Financial for a loan that I did not apply for.
At that point I placed a claim with my bank BOA and they placed the XXXX back in my account.
They never notified me of the loan not funding or any issues.
On XX/XX/XXXX at XXXX, I talked to XXXX and advised him that I have not gotten any returned mail at the post office, XXXX of the money orders are still outstanding, I need someone to look for my payments where ever the lockboxes are.
I have now attempted to use XXXX XXXX, XXXX, XXXX, that's 3 different Internet browsers. 

The following month a few of the automatic drafts were still allowed to process for some strange reason.
Please REMOVE this information at the earliest possible time. 


I called JP Morgan and  chase  on  XXXX / XXXX / 2017  where they mysteriously told me that my account is closed and they can do it anytime at their discretion which is true but if they had closed the account I called in on  XXXX / XXXX / 2017  to send in a wire of {$220000.00} as I work for an international company and it 's on record they gave the account details including the  XXXX   code  and all whereas they could 've simply told me the account is closed.
I explained the COST of sending in information and my lack of transportation due to being affected by the pandemic.
I was wiped out!!
This has caused a lot of headaches to my livelihood and not being able to properly use my credit when needed.
3 )
it has been well over 30 days and i have not received any investigation results
Since to me, if they were really going to take into consideration my situation and find a solution and make a plan they would need to ask for more information then what they were asking for.
I contacted Amazon on : XX/XX/XXXX-
USAA was absolutely fantastic in their support approving a loan modification last year.
I asked but I have ref.
XXXX XXXX has stated " A cease and desist status means that we will not communicate with you to collect a debt..
I in return I sent a dispute in reference to the amounts and dates being inaccurate and that by law, this must be deleted from my credit file to the credit bureaus on XX/XX/XXXX and again on XX/XX/XXXX with no response as of today. 


I have sent various QWR 's and verification of debt requests to them and they have not provided the key proof of claim elements requested.
He could n't explain why yet I have been making my payments faithfully.
The previous info being in a separate complaint.
Due to the Corona Virus Pandemic, we are all facing which has me sitting still at home and I saw the recent news about the multiple XXXX Data  breaches.
The agreement was made and their accounting department never applied my automatic payments that they drafted from my account.
The records I am questioning connect with no exchanges acquiring any possession of goods, services, or money that I have made or authorized.
I believe this company is in need of an audit!
XXXX XXXX.
My case is one where a dutifully working attorney would not have acted the way that Hunt & Henriques XXXX XXXX did. 


This information was broken to me days before closing.
Specifically, I was informed of the exact opposite.
However their corporate office insists that they do on recording. 


I got a phone call from XXXX round lp regarding my debt to Synchrony bank FKA GE capital.
With no response. 


I have all the documented proof that you are in violations, including all certified mailing receipts.


o XXXX dated, XX/XX/18 and mailed certified XX/XX/18. 

I logged on to my computer to find contact info to express my discomfort with their security verification.
XXXX XXXX was and is garnishing my wages for over a year now.
( a ) ( 5 ) Section States : no consumer reporting agency may make any consumer report containing any of the following items of information ANY other adverse item of information, other than the records of convictions of crimes which antedates the report by more than 7 years. 


I was never late on this account.
They demanded payment on fees that were previously paid to XXXX XXXX XXXX, and for which I have printed receipts.
XXXX XXXX app took me over to LOANSNAP to apply for the loan.
In accordance with the Fair Credit Reporting act XXXX Account # XXXX ( ACCOUNT NAME : XXXX XXXX XXXX ), has violated my rights.
XX/XX/XXXX
I never received a bill for any amount due.
We are returning Quicken Loan customers with an approved refinance w/cash out loan.
This is hard on my life and now in a pandemic covid 19, I can not get any assist with these errors.
and second, that I had waited until XXXX of XXXX to report the fraud and attempt to have the charges investigated and reversed ( which is not true and evidenced in dozens of emails dating back to the fall of XXXX ).
False/inaccurate information due to identity theft is being reported on my credit report.
Nothing.
We request you to kindly inform us that if US law says that you can not discriminate any person for their location or religion and Banking code says that firms should give customers at least 30 calendar days notice before closing their accounts, than why sun trust Bank is discriminating us. 

After literal months of every day calling nonstop like a full time job I did not recieve any of my money, but I learned, what I believe, to be the worst thing you can do to someone.
This type of predatory collection and character assassination is the very reason for the creation of the CFPB. 


So I am back again to you, CFPB!
I have noticed that XXXX XXXX  XXXX have placed an inquiry on my EXPERIAN credit file dated XX/XX/2018.
I tried calling to defer the payment and could not reach anybody at Amex.
5.
I won't the information sent to me via email or mail so I can review the for go charges mentioned, its sure is funny when my son ask for access to his account he was told that wouldn't be possible until he spoke to corporate office and you all send a resolution stating items on my account which was the same period he requested and was told it was to far back to pull anything up.
A debt collector should not be harassing me like.
Yet they make it difficult to pay and then continue fee me?
On XX/XX/2019, after still NO VERIFICATION and NO RESPONSE from either creditor or the Bureaus, I sent another round of letters asking for verification as stated in Section 609 ( a ) ( 1 ) ( A ) of the Fair Credit Report Act.
They Transferred the loan ( without any real notice ) to AES.
How is this morally okay?
I received the XXXX on XX/XX/XXXX and in XX/XX/XXXX, I noticed the XXXX display would not turn on and took the item to the Genius Bar at a local XXXX XXXX.
On XX/XX/XXXX I was notified my acct was overdrawn.
Needless to say this concerned us & we requested this be put in writing.
It shows that this account was opened on XX/XX/2017. 

This account does not belong to me.
I have called and provided all of my personal information in an effort to understand why/how I 'm responsible to no avail.
This is to Transition - XXXX - and - XXXX I will put the letters here that I have sent off and nothing has been done about it and it is really annoying to not even be helped after so long. 


I have tried to work with Chime, it seems as though their AI overrides their human interactions, which would have likely made the difference in these disputes. 


I won't take any action until I hear back from you.
I have also reached out to the XXXX in hopes for some contact with nothing. 

Believed was paying pursuant to my card agreement 3.
and sun.. the caller id gives on name other than toll free.
The PRIMARY reason my credit card use is high is a direct result of my brothers passing.
Now I am requesting that the account be removed from my credit since it has been paid and the company lied as a way to get me to pay it off.
I continue to give them my money b/c it is my debt and my obligation and the right thing.
Please remove Account # XXXX immediately.
Transunion is knowingly reporting false/inaccurate information due to identity theft on my credit report.
Exhibit XXXX.
We needed to access money we pay rent with cash due to issues occurring where we were so I went to a usbank atm and was declined.
I just think Comenity Bank XXXX XXXX, Ohio/ XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX Texas needs to be on your radar : this is the WORST 'gotcha ' behavior I have ever seen from a credit card - it's just a scam, basically, and I want out.
and now they are saying the secret service in XXXX TX is looking in this.
It appears that the department that handled those types of funds did not apply them correctly, despite the fact that those XXXX checks clearly stated the same information and for the same purpose, which is to reinstate the mortgage.
XXXX XXXX : XXXX Transunion : XXXX, XXXX XXXX XXXX : XXXX XXXX:
XXXX ACCOUNT NUMBER : XXXX COLLECTION AGENCY :
In XX/XX/XXXX I submitted a detailed dispute towards my personal information be stolen through a security breach, there are accounts on my credit that I never authorized and they are fraudulent.
False or misleading representations [ 15 USC 1692e ] of the Fair Debt Collection Practices Act.
XXXX XXXX date of inquiry XX/XX/2022 XXXX, XXXX.
I have disputed several times.
His email is XXXX and the collections main phone number is XXXX lease assist in this matter as soon as possible.
Date of First assigned at FMS to the end break down before it was sent off to servicer for financing.
This amount was taken out without my permission.
Indicating it was not researched.
View XXXX  XXXX XXXX, XXXX XXXX XXXX, XXXX XXXX PM
Instead of getting my final interest rate and terms, I was denied and told I needed co-signer who makes more than {$80000.00} per year.
I was made aware of an account that was opened in my name without my permission ; The only reason I found out about this account is because I applied for a credit card and I was not approved due to this account being in negative standing.
297.
I contacted the credit reporting agencies to obtain a copy of my credit reports and when I received them, I seen the reports were filled with inquiries and accounts that were either charged off or in collection under my name.
he also has an account with Wells Fargo, which will become relevant later ). 


I have been trying to unfreeze my minor children 's credit files since XX/XX/XXXX.
He said check would be a re-issued within a week. 

This amount of {$3900.00} is not correct.
In a letter dated XX/XX/2022, that I received 2 days ago, Academy Mortgage Corporation transferred my loan to another servicer in the wake of their mishandling of my mortgage and false reporting of my mortgage payments as being late due to their amortization process. 

Chase, however, had my due-date set for the end of the month and so paying at the beginning of the month resulted in XXXX late fees.
The bank ensured me that it was a ACH payment.
In Accordance with the Fair Credit Reporting Act XXXX XXXX  XXXX XXXX mortgage has violated my rights : 15 U.S.C. 1681 Section 602 A States I have the right to privacy 15 U.S.C 1681 Section 602 A Section 2 : It also states a consumer reporting agency can not furnish an account without my written instructions
My problems with Discover began almost immediately.
Pursuant to FCRA 623 ( a ) ( 8 ) ( D ), a creditor is to accurately report to all 3 credit bureaus.
This is FRAUD and has impacted my life for years.
= {$21000.00} PLUS VIOLATIONS VIOLATED {$1000.00} = {$2000.00} CHARGE OFF XXXX = {$1500.00} XXXX XXXX XXXXXXXX.
I paid the setup fee and began making monthly payments to them so they could pay Capital One on my behalf.
This is unacceptable.
It needs to be removed.
They will not respond to written letters, with delivery confirmation and lie about not receiving documentation.
I then called XXXX back and she no longer worked for Citizens, at this point I began looking for a lawyer.
One of the terms of the consent order filed against in XX/XX/XXXX mandated that WF must " must remove any negative student loan information that has been inaccurately or incompletely provided to a consumer reporting company. ''
just by that alone statue of limitations of accounts in default is 7yrs
They have ignored my request to provide me with physical proof that their company have on file.
The last letter I sent to the Credit bureaus was dated XXXX XXXX ; but I never received a response from them.
I called and sent notice to venmo the same day.
This inconvenience caused me me to be late on a lease payment and I had to sent {$40.00} more.
I have not had ANY access to my checking or savings accounts in over 3 months!
I'll investigate the FannieMae/FreddieMac inquiry.
XXXX ACCOUNT # XXXX ACCOUNT # XXXX
On XX/XX/2020, I received a letter from FedLoan, U.S. Department of Education, stating that " On XX/XX/XXXX, the President signed the CARES ACT ''.
( 2 yrs, 4 mos )
The fraudulent activity on these accounts are illegal and defraud not only the consumer, but the government, who is accepting the charged off amounts as legitimate on tax documents, even though they vastly exceed the proper and legal charge off amount due to the illicit practices of XXXX. 

My mother is being scammed by a romantic scammer.
It is for {$180.00}
Please DELETE this erroneous item immediately.
Barclay card " https : //www.barclaycardus.com/servicing/ ''
hm! 
COMPLAINT XXXX.
I am fully aware they are backed up and working from home I hear family/pets in background systems go down while on the phone.
I was told by XXXX employee # XXXX That you want to hear my sob story and events leading up to this situation.
.This was a fist step towards attempting resolution.
15 U.S.C 1681 section 602 A. States I have the right to privacy.


Don't the court want to see something in writing to prove their was instruction?
I HAVE PREVIOUSLY REQUESTED IN WRITING IN XXXX, XXXX AND VIA PHONE CALLS TO M AND T BANK SEVERAL TIMES DURING THE PERIOD THAT AN " AUDIT '' OF MY CHECKING ACCOUNT BE
If I didn't want to go to court and wanted legal charges dropped then I needed to pay today.
The unverified accounts on my record have damaged my good name by not allowing me to obtain credit.
My payment went from {$1300.00} ( the payment that was increasing from {$1300.00} in XX/XX/XXXX ), to {$1300.00} due to this research.
The person at fault had XXXX  XXXX  for insurance.
The Policy has the ability to stifle free trade and hinder commerce especially of firearm manufacturers and dealers.


I asked XXXX to repeat something, as I was taking notes.
Citizens provided no tracing codes/dates or any identifying information provided for follow-up with XXXX. 


These XXXX payment options both withdraw from your checking account.
I need corrected report with my credit and score by XX/XX/2019.
XX/XX/2021 XXXXXXXX XXXX XXXXXXXX XXXX XXXX # ( XXXX  ) :
My account number under BSI is # XXXX. 


On XX/XX/XXXX, I received a letter from Toyota Financial saying they were denying my credit because " Unsatisfactory resolution of investigation in response to receipt of fraud alert. ''
The following account is not mine XXXX /XXXX /XXXX  
in accordance with the Fair Credit Reporting act, the list of accounts below has violated my federally protected consumer rights to privacy and confidentiality 15 USC 1681 XXXX XXXX XXXX Bank account # XXXX has violated my rights. 


I explained to them that I have never received any welcome letters from XXXX MORTGAGE XXXX and that I would like to work with them in attempting to get a loan modification but they were very rude and disrespectful, they did not care all they said was
I can see they received it, but nothing has changed.
This day and the day I step foot into Wells Fargo I never never applied for two loans not with the credit score I had.
When signing up for a credit card, Chase Bank offers the option to add an authorized user, sometimes even providing bonuses to people who add an authorized user, so they can expand the liabilities of their customer base.
I contacted the Hospital, XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX Hospital, and spoke with the billing department.
A person shall not furnish any information relating to a consumer to any consumer reporting agency if the person knows or has reasonable cause to believe that the information is inaccurate.
I have called the convergent outsourcing number to have them tell me, the account is still showing on my report and " if it were to be removed it would be done in 45 days. ''
I was told that waiting these are called partially processed payments, and that taking two years for the processor is normal.
Was asking me questions about my credit cards and how one of my XXXX credit cards had a high limit.
But they did not comply and act according to the Law.
if the creditor or collection agency refuse to remove the incorrect information they are in violation of FACTA section 623 ( A ) ( 7 ).
( 2 ) A reflection on a statement of an extension of credit for which the obligor requests additional clarification including documentary evidence thereof.
Credit bureaus are failing to verify information on this account.
Please investigate these matters and remove the disputed items as soon as possible.
Please see attached documents.
I called them and told them that was wrong of what they have done.
I have numerous emails to substantiate my contacts with NewRez. 






Page 4-Explanation of Calculation of Surplus or Deficiency- was only mailed to Mr. XXXX XXXX which is the Co-Borrower ( XXXX XXXX did not receive a copy of this form )
A copy of section 605B of the Fair Credit Reporting Act, whichrequires you to block the.fraudulent information on my credit report resulting from identity theft within four business days and to promptly notify the furnisher ( s ) of that information.
In addition to them updating each month that I am late on all three credit reports.
XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX, XXXX, OH
The reason for this is because I was put into loan forbearance while in the process of switching to REPAYE from IBR at that time.
I am not aware of this company as a duplicate debtor on my credit report and request validation.
This is not how banks should deal business, I know they have policies in place to protect their business but XXXX thing is that this bank took the money on fees when I did n't even take that money out of my account.
XXXX XXXX XXXX ( XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX ).
Thank you.
I was then sent an email regarding the plan I had asked about .I was then sent the plan I had asked for at XXXX/mo.
I have legitimately have already paid off XXXX of my credit cards at Jp morgan Chase bank, and kept paying to build credit.
The Collection Agencies below have continued collection activity despite not properly conducting and obtaining by mailing debt verification after I've exercised my 1692g rights.
I also disputed account XXXX & XXXX as not mine.
Regards, XXXX XXXX ( XXXX XXXX XXXX
I was told I could not pay my loan off today, because they had lowered the payment of my loan, and the pay off amount of  XXXX  I was given was not the correct amount to pay my loan off.   
Please try and hold off a little longer
Now I have spent over two years trying to get this straightened out with Nationstar.
It has multiple issues and I've addressed those issues and they did not stop and correct none of them therefore the alleged debt is disputed a cease and desist was given and they will honor that or i shall file a small claims case. 


After much research and phone calling, I concluded that this is the practice of Wells Fargo in general.
XXXX NSF charges of {$36.00} each.
We will not start foreclosure proceedings while the review process is active and your requested paperwork is submitted. ''
When I try to register the online account, it says I must click the verify link in a confirmation email.
Reporting agency ( CRA ) is reporting inaccurate information on the listed account below ; Due to their errors in reporting Im reporting these violations.
The phone number, although appearing to be a US number, was a call center in XXXX, XXXX.
Thank you,
Later, I tried again and the XXXX number worked.
This email confirms your appointment with an EEOC representative of the XXXX office for XX/XX/XXXX at XXXXXXXX XXXX 

XXXX XXXX  Release
I have met a toy artist with the XXXX named XXXX, Paypal name XXXX XXXX XXXX, I have told him to order a XXXX XXXX XXXX toy model kit, total costs is supposed to be {$3700.00}, and I broke it down to 5 payments which are {$1600.00} on XX/XX/2020, {$500.00} XX/XX/2020, {$500.00} XX/XX/2020, {$500.00} XX/XX/2020, and {$670.00} XX/XX/2020.
On XX/XX/XXXX, I spoke with a teller at the XXXX XXXX Branch.
The collection that was placed on my XXXX, disputed, and deleted was from this company.
They need to be reigned in.
They just sent me documentation stating it was verified and so was equifax.
On XX/XX/2018 I paid a debt listed on my account in full, upon it not being removed I have submitted disputes to XXXX and Transunion with my proof of payment on two separate occasions now.
I have attached with this dispute the debt verification request and default notices that I sent to XXXX and XXXX XXXX. 


I thought it was a scam so I said call back tomorrow. 


XX/XX/XXXX U.S. Bank debits my checking account for {$1600.00} and references the account number of the settled account. 


If you have any questions, please don't hesitate to contact us by dialing XXXX and requesting a supervisor.
Obviously, he was misspoken.
This creditor is not properly reporting all dates of delinquency preventing the delinquent report from being removed from my consumer report.
XXXX there is some inaccurate information reporting. 

I called XXXX XXXX/XXXX/2015 again and the customer service just kept repeating herself of redisputing I told her I already have redisputed it XXXX and that no one is helping, I asked her how they investigated that it was mine?
It seems like all that would happen is that in 3 months I would have a giant bill and have to pray that my bank helps me out instead of the bank working with me now to solve the problem. 

AMERICAN PROFIT RECOVERY XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX is a result of identity theft.
but it was paid and advances the due date.
My conversation with Mr Cooper ended after 2hrs 55mins while waiting for a supervisor from the dept which paid the insurance without asking.
Violation of 15 USC 1692 XXXX by State Collections by participating in false, deceptive, or misleading representations by failing to provide by what legal authority they have to collect a debt from me the consumer. 

They stated I had to call XXXX in order to get the collection removed.
Here are dates and details : XX/XX/XXXX : ( This is the day we discovered the problem ).
XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX, FL XXXX CONFIDENTIALITY NOTE :
and there is no third party involved.
Due to the system having a flaw, it should not be the consumers fault.
I pulled my credit to myself for the first time in and I have derogatory items that are not mine including two bankruptcies.
I believe this company intentionally made these mistakes which caused scared my good standings.
In the past 30 months I owe {$45000.00} in back mortgage payments and {$77000.00} in fees.
They do not tell you what went wrong in the process but tell you to mail stuff in or call. 


On XX/XX/XXXX, with no response from XXXX or XXXX.
Mailed.on  XX/XX/XXXX  of current year to kohls handwritten letter regarding denial of a credit card and opening of a new one since my card was deactivated or closed and cashier suggested me to open a new account
I asked him to transfer my called to supervisor and his answer was we dont have a supervisor and he can not transfer to supervisor and dial XXXX.
( d ) Exception for resellers.
I never rec 'd and called asking for confirmation again with no reply. 


Company responded the complaint does not belong to them on XX/XX/2019 Company responded the complaint does not belong to them on XX/XX/2019 XXXX XXXX, also, have failed to respond the previous complaint.
XXXX Sheriff owes me over XXXX for the merchandise they threw away when they forced me to move due to a writ of removal that should n't have happened.
The company 's dispute forms for identity have been submitted to both organizations with the requested documentation.
However, in desperation, I built a XXXX XXXX and decided to pool what little finances my wife and I had into starting a XXXX XXXX.
The appraiser they chose appraised the value of 1/2 of what they have listed.
I recently discovered through my new monitoring service this account being reported I made efforts to remove this account from my file as the amount of {$120.00} does not belong to me.
I regret ever going to school it was the worst mistake of my life to have loans totaling XXXX and a job that pay XXXX a year.
with them for 22 years.
I am requesting that they remove the Fraud Alert and Stop putting them on my file unless I notify them by writing to do so.
XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX
At this time, a good 10 months down the road, they have refused to eliminate those new charges.
STUDENT LOAN CREDITORS : XXXX  ACCOUNT NUMBER : XXXX STUDENT LOAN CREDITORS : XXXX  ACCOUNT NUMBER : XXXX Likewise, these COLLECTION ACCOUNTS are also not mine.
The man said I could send on more info to support my case.
RCW 4.16.040 states that six years is the statute of limitations on debt collections.
I have never apply for this company, i have no idea who is creditor, how is appear on my credit, i have never sign any contracts or agreements with this company.
I understand that neither your office or the Ga.
Here are the inquiries in question. 

I tried the upload but that received an error and the agent gave me another link to another page to upload which failed few times.
If the consumer to whom the file relates requests that the first 5 digits of the social security number ( or similar identification number ) of the consumer not be included in the disclosure and the consumer reporting agency has received appropriate proof of the identity of the requester, the consumer reporting agency shall so truncate such number in such disclosure.
I have since asked her for a MILESTONE report.
Dear Sir, Citizens Bank Did not answer my previous Grievance related to US Department of Home Land Security/Law Firm Check Deposits and Check Clearance Records, which are are missing in my bank records and statements.
Thank you for submitting your complaint on XX/XX/2021, through the CFPB Complaint Portal.
I was not rude and they readily knew the answer to my question.
3 )
and they keep saying that they didn't investigation they didn't do no investigation to people doing a lot of lying and they data breached all my stuff from all three credit bureaus have data breach problems my score has phenomenally dropped down to basically XXXX if you could fix that get that stuff
Equifax, XXXX, and XXXX  are not complying with their own policies in a timely manner.
A COPY OF MY DRIVERS LICENSE 5 Two utility bills. 


HOWEVER, EXPERIAN REINSERTED THE FRAUDULENT ACCOUNT WITHOUT NOTIFYING ME.
BofA inspectors stopped by the propery also distribing tenants and implied foreclosure, tenants also asked and were granted early termination of their lease due to these false threats.
I tried calling again, and a woman answered the phone, when I questioned her, she stated she couldn't transfer me to anyone, she stated she couldn't provide me with any information, and that she was working remotely.
I need help ASAP.
He did not, just sent the attached letter -- indicating I call XXXX.
I want my stay recognized for what it 's worth as the judge stated he ca n't set a date until my appeal process is over and he XXXX states he will leave it and when appeal is over and I loose he will take my house.
I have aids and y'all have made me miss 3 days of my meds so far ..... 

this is fraud
Section 16 provided that all gold and silver coins issued from the Mint shall be lawful tender in all payments whatsoever.
During month 9, I began to experience financial hardship.
I have attempted to call and fix the issue with them and they are making it impossible to correct the payment.
They said ok.
Please investigate these accounts and inquires and update these accounts accordingly to avoid future litigation.
with these accompaniments that worsen the information Account info XXXX Account name RECEIVABLES PERFORMANCE Account number XXXX Account type Collection Responsibility Individual Date opened XX/XX/2022 Status Collection account.
The date ( s ) the debt allegedly accrued ; 8.
USAA will not explain their decision to us so far.
I SHOULD HAVE KNOW BETTER, BUT THIS WAS XXXX XXXX XXXX.
XXXX XXXX family XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXXXXXX XXXX XXXXXXXX Resident typeSingle family XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXXXXXX XXXX XXXXXXXX
I then received a full credit report from EQ.
He never followed up with me ...
No one with citi will advise or provide details on what the alleged fraud is I have gone above and beyond to provide them with every piece of identifying information I own This includes my drivers license Social Security number Social Security card Medicare card tax forms birth certificate vehicle registrations work ID and even my high school diploma from 1994 No one from this so called outsourced fraud department will speak to me or provide me any information This company has discriminated against me misgendered me deliberately hung up on me rejected my phone calls these outsource offshore representative have demanded personal information which includes my full Social Security number my date of birth and other personal information that they should never be asking for These are non US citizens outsourced as customer service representatives who likely have not been screened properly and Who provide fraudulent names when you speak to them On Monday XX/XX/XXXX I contacted the XXXX XXXX branch and spoke with the branch manager XXXX XXXX
This happened 4 more times.
however per the FCRA the creditor MUST MUST indicate on a consumer credit report that the account was transferred and or sold.
and I have called the collection agency
They are completely incompetent.   
The account was placed into collections on XXXX/XXXX/15 with Credence.
On XX/XX/XXXX I closed on my home loan at XXXX XXXX, XXXX Texas. 

I contacted Equifax HOWEVER they explained that they verified and updated the incorrect information without a thorough investigation.
n i made this clear for 60 days straight with transunion i spoke to a representative agent name XXXX and XXXX and XXXX from the fraud department I prefer to speak to a us rept
Same result.
If they are charging others similar fees every day, they're likely making thousands of dollars over this discrepancy.
This is not a duplicate nor is this complaint filed by a third party.
Immediate removal and deletion of these disputed items is demanded immediately.
We only request validation of information and/or debt ownership.
It has been over 60 days so they should be deleted promptly.
( b ) Accuracy of Report.
Nothing in this section shall be construed to prohibit any action by a creditor to collect any amount which has not been indicated by the obligor to contain a billing error.
Disclaimer - I give JP MORGAN CHASE PERMISSION TO SHARE MY INFORMATION WITH THE CFPB.GOV.
Failure to delete items that were disputed as debts which resulted from identity theft is a violation of The Federal Fair Credit Reporting.
I am requesting that the charge be removed, that any finance other charges related to the fraudulent amount be credited, as well and that I receive an accurate statement.
However I was told that I would not have access to those funds until XX/XX/22 because they were afraid I may reverse it or something along those lines.
Not what they want...
I recently pulled a copy of my credit report on XX/XX/2021, and found that XXXX XXXX is still reporting this fraudulent information to my XXXX, XXXX, and Transunion Credit Report. 

I also understand that knowing and a willful misstatement of omissions of material facts constitutes a federal criminal violation punishable under 18 U.S.C. 1001.
I 'm tired of Bank of America thinking there above the law because there a big corporation.
View Our Disputes Guide CREDIT USAGE 93 % High Credit Usage Keeping your account balances as low as possible can have a positive impact on your credit. 

I have tried to re-contact Home Depot
SN is in violation of the FDCPA, RESPA and HUD law, so I am seeking your assistance on this matter.
What would be considered an excessive was never disclosed anywhere.
My last contact date with XXXX XXXX was in XX/XX/XXXX.
They never should have gone back on their word and refused to honor the modification.
They don't even have the correct loan servicer listed on the web site to make a payment!
I have advised all agents Ive spoken to that the negative mark should have not been added to my account.
It seems like there was much more damage and now I am afraid of what else may be wrong with the car.
Second, these accounts are currently being coded as an XXXX.
Please include all names and contact information of employees that you spoke to as part of this investigation.
I immediate called my mortgage company because since the closing was in early XX/XX/XXXX that I was told that I did not need to make XX/XX/XXXX payment since a purchasing sale was signed and a closing date was scheduled in early XX/XX/XXXX.
I have been a victim of identity theft.
However, both XXXX and Commenity are reporting a different amount of the actual debt since than the last bill was sent XX/XX/2018 and then charged off in XX/XX/2018 ( see documentation ). 


Please investigate these bureaus and have them delete these fraud accounts from my report.
CRA are being advised that information is reported correctly that account belongs to consumer.
From using outdated/inaccurate info on my application, to higher than quoted homeowners insurance rates, he just did a terrible job.
I can not keep explaining my situation, as this company is not diligently working on getting this resolved.
I applied for a cash reward credit card from Bank of America with the help of their staff XXXX XXXX in XXXX XXXX ( XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX MA XXXX ) in XXXX, XXXX.
This false reporting of lates is seriously harming my credit score and these line items need to be removed from my credit report.
But they did not even acknowledge my question about converting my " business '' account to a personal account or why they are otherwise kicking so many users out of their financial service without a viable alternative.
It also stated they need to hold my funds for 180 days in case of any chargebacks.
Sending out a generic form through the e-Oscar system that doesnt even contain my reasons for the dispute is not reasonable. 


You are illegally attempting to collect an alleged debt and money that I do not owe.
The details of my case is listed below : On XX/XX/XXXX, my wife, transferred {$19000.00} from her chase checking account to my chase checking account.
Delete for violation of 15 U.S.C 1681.


Before I XXXX my XXXX the analyst had me send documents DIRECTLY to private email at her home without going through secure portal.
XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX is listed on my report twice {$1800.00} and {$650.00} and I do not have any financial agreed obligation with these companies.
sooooooo get all of my money back by 2 days or u will be sued for XXXX due to me having XXXX and me not being able to get my meds now for 8 days! 

Based off the fact that your company has yet to forward any documents to me, show me any proof, and the fact that its already been 5 months so you have CLEARLY violated Section 611 ( 5 ) ( A ) and continue to show your blatant disregard for Federal Law.
XXXX is an abusive company.
Since it is a necessity by regulation 605b of the FCRA I'm sending this Complaint to assist with laying out a lawful response.
15 U.S.C 1681 Section 604
We also noticed that the closing documentation did not properly reflect the correct payoff figures from the latest XXXX payoff statement.
I was never notified of this, and I was charged a returned check fee, despite it being a direct pull, not a check.
But when I visit the worthless trash Paypal website, it says my funds are on hold, and Paypal is under the impression that the item hasn't even shipped.
Section 611 ( a ), clearly states that a failure to investigate these items for 30 days gives a reason to immediately remove those items from my credit report.
After a few weeks I was told the loan was transferred to another company and to deal with them directly regarding the error.
So what can I do??
On XX/XX/2019, I happened to log in to my Wells Fargo online banking profile and discovered that the XXXX card -XXXX was still open.
AMERICOLLECT INC Original creditor : XXXX  XXXX XXXX {$1000.00} AMERICOLLECT INC Original creditor : XXXX  XXXX XXXX {$680.00} AMERICOLLECT INC Original creditor : XXXX  XXXX XXXX {$460.00} AMERICOLLECT INC Original creditor : XXXX  XXXX XXXX {$1000.00} AMERICOLLECT INC Original creditor : XXXX  XXXX XXXX {$1000.00} AMERICOLLECT INC Original creditor : XXXX  XXXX XXXX {$1000.00} AMERICOLLECT INC Original creditor : XXXX  XXXX XXXX {$1000.00} AMERICOLLECT INC Original creditor : XXXX  XXXX XXXX {$460.00} AMERICOLLECT INC Original creditor : XXXX  XXXX XXXX {$1000.00} AMERICOLLECT INC Original creditor : XXXX  XXXX XXXX {$460.00} AMERICOLLECT INC Original creditor : XXXX  XXXX XXXX {$680.00} AMERICOLLECT INC Original creditor : XXXX  XXXX XXXX {$1000.00} AMERICOLLECT INC Original creditor : XXXX  XXXX XXXX {$460.00} AMERICOLLECT INC Original creditor : XXXX  XXXX XXXX {$680.00} AMERICOLLECT INC Original creditor : XXXX  XXXX XXXX {$1000.00} AMERICOLLECT INC Original creditor : XXXX  XXXX XXXX {$1000.00} AMERICOLLECT INC Original creditor : XXXX  XXXX XXXX {$1000.00} There are no contracts, no valid claims ... accounts were settled with original creditors and has been confirmed, grave errorsfalse claims and reportingI want these accounts removed immediately or litigation may follow.
That doesn't make sense as well.
They are supposed to be protecting consumers.
Because I relocated, in substantial compliance with the agreement of the deed in lieu, I am no longer there to mow/maintain the property, and its subsequent deterioration has made it yet more difficult to sell.
The required extension fee will be {$930.00} per month. 

This is XXXX XXXX please do not deny my complaint by stating that I filed this by some other means than myself.
My dispute completed and XXXX  did not update the accounts. 

They have done this now twice within the last month after I told them to stop.
I gave them my Sam 's Club account number to assist them track the payment.
We also demanded signed contracts, agreements or any legal paperwork that would tie us to the following accounts.
I have an account that appeared on my credit last year from XXXX XXXX on behalf of original creditor XXXX College and it was deleted off of my Equifax, XXXX and XXXX report by XXXX the dispute date was XX/XX/2017.
I have sent letters directly to portfolio recovery in an attempt to resolve this matter.
The phone # provided for the credit union is to report lost or stolen debit cards or someone with an bank account.
On XXXX XXXX, sometime early afternoon around XXXX, I called XXXX XXXX
What Can Federal Reserve Notes Be Redeemed For? 

In fact, 3 different representatives told myself and XXXX, that any payment above the minimum payment would be spread out among the balance and NOT directed specifically to the 0 % promotion.
Another part of my claim is that the FCRA 15 U.S.C. 1681b ( a ) ( 2 ) states you need my written permission to furnish any report of mine and your agency doesn't have anything from me as the consumer giving consent or permission to report on my behalf which is identity theft. 


It doesn't say provider 's must have separate business accounts to apply.
The loan was being paid.
They gave no other reason, and I had never done anything wrong with the account.
XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX with ACCT # XXXX opened on XX/XX/XXXX with a credit limit of {$6000.00} -This is not my account. 


30 DAY VIOLATIONS IN DIRECT VIOLATION OF THE FCRA STATUTES.
By submitting this complaint, I want my voice to be heard by someone who can make the call in American Express company.
I have read all Wise terms of service, and the only thing that could be a reason to close our account is that we had another account for our previous company.
Financial Injury
The below information in my credit profile is having damaging effects on my credit standing.
I was given information to contact the collection agency.
The law you are violating is clearly here.
I have requested debt verification including m signature and proof that these debts belong to me.
This account has been closed since XX/XX/XXXX.
I called XXXX and was then told that the collection was related to unpaid maintenance fees.
How can I be 30 days late on two credit reports and current on another credit report.
The CFPB has prescribed model disclosures, 12 CFR Part 1022, App.
1 - Hello, onXX/XX/2022
I assumed my payment was debited against my bank account, but it was not, and was instead enrolled in PayPal Credit.
I never transfer wires from the internet.
Im not getting anywhere and want these inquires removed from my file as they are hindering me from obtaining credit and better interest rates at the bank.
ATG credit has been reporting for the past 4 months the incorrect amount of {$700.00} to XXXX credit bureau as an amount that I owe.
You can XXXX my wifes name XXXX XXXX and see when XXXX XXXX came out and asked to take pictures of the house the day of the fire.
The BOA immediately canceled my debit card and reissued a new card by mail.
for the 24 hr rental and a previous weekend rental I had cancelled.
The consumer information violated under 15 USC 1692, when they sent me a letter with their logo and stated they were trying to collect an alleged debt.
I have no idea why is this amount pending under my name and what I need to do to get rid of it from my credit report.
The credit bureaus claimed that the bank verified all information to be correct and added that these inaccuracies must remain for seven years before they can be removed. 

We filed complaint with XXXX.
I never instructed your company to furnish this report and I never consented to this report in the first place.
Considering that we had recently completed a remodel of over $ 100k and live in an area that was a hot real estate market, I was pretty confused.
I paid off the balance of the following accounts, disputed the balances via XXXX  and XXXX, and the companies refuse to report a XXXX  balance :
After I opened the 3 boxes, the items are damaged, so I messaged the seller, and he told me he would filed a claim with XXXX, so he can send me the return label, and i was keep waiting for almost 2 weeks, and at the end, he asked me to pay for the shipping fee first and send it back to him, so he can repair the items for me.
The company has provided a partial response to your complaint number XXXX describing the steps taken so far to address your issue.
but I did not incur any late payments.
More than forty days after the funds should have been disbursed, they contend it will take an additional five days to cut the check.
Next month and subsequent following months since XX/XX/2022 did not settle any money that was taken twice from my account, rather just received monthly balances in those months that I have been paying within due dates.
The closing date was scheduled for XX/XX/XXXX.
1681i ( a ) the following hard inquiry should be deleted immediately.
But {$20.00} a month is all I can afford.
On XX/XX/22, an alleged debt collector ( transworld systems ) contacted my parents, who live in a different state from me, to collect a debt that allegedly belongs to me relating to an XXXX XXXX account.
Section 809 ( b ) of the FDCPA requires a debt collector, upon receipt of a written debt validation requests from a consumer, to cease collection of debt until the collection agency obtains verification of debt and mails it to the consumer.
XX/XX/2021 I received yet another notice from Amerihome that another analysis was done and my monthly mortgage payment would increase AGAIN. 


Because the Check was Valid there is no other reason for them to not clear the check and close my account other than the fact that I'm a XXXX XXXX
He informed him of recent payment history, the account status and balance information.
Wire was done on XX/XX/19 plenty of time has gone by to fix this problem. 


I have never done business with this company nor do I have a contract wit this company.
This illegal behavior is being claimed by the Consumer to the Federal Bureau of Investigation Criminal Division for divulging this information as quickly as possible.
My XXXX XXXX XXXX credit card XXXX XXXX Statement said that I needed to pay {$200.00} in order to avoid the deferred interest on my account. 


Please see the letter written by the bank on XX/XX/XXXX, claiming that they never received the paperwork. 


I have had numerous issues before with this company.
In the interim, I sold my home and was directed not to pay XXXX payment for the note would be paid off and this would effect payoff if paid.
The policy that they werent able to dispute a charge past 120 days is understood, but shouldnt mean that circumstances cant be taken into account considering the large amount of money.
I am requesting XXXX XXXX XXXX stop reporting this negative item on credit reports
6.Defendants deliberately and intentionally reporting derogatory, false, erroneous or misleading information about Plaintiff to XXXX or more consumer reporting agencies ( credit bureaus ) as defined by 15 U.S.C. 1681a. 


this company is violating my rights and they have over 20 complaints on XXXX they also have over XXXX complaints with the CFPB Demand A DELETION REQUEST OF THE ACCOUNT
15 U.S.C. 1681s-2 ( a ) ( 1 ) ( A ) Reporting information with actual knowledge of errors.
It wasn't until XX/XX/XXXX, when I called Mr Cooper to advise of a payment that I learned that the loan modification documents that were sent out, needed to have been returned by XX/XX/XXXX.
XXXX violation total is XXXX, between the XXXX accounts.
Spoke with a representative of the company who had a XXXX who stated I had an outstanding balance for a XXXX card, when I offered to make a payment on the account as part of a payment plan I informed the collection company that the balance was incorrect by {$400.00} + dollars and that I knew I only owed {$1000.00} and that is all I was willing to pay, The person who called me then informed me that they would sue me and threatened to have my wages garnished over the outstanding balance the person who called was very rude and made no attempts to work with me to resolve the issue, he kept trying to use intimidation to make me agree to terms of a payment I could no afford and told them I was unable to make the payment amount they wanted and would be willing to work out a better payment plan with them once the balance was corrected again several times later they threatened to sue me and take me to court
( XXXX loan number XXXX )
I tried to send this message on 3 separate occasions and both times a prompt appeared saying, " We couldn't send your message.
{$6000.00} was withdrawn from my XXXX account while I was outside the country and i had my debit card with me all the time but when I contacted Bank of America they told no errors was occurred.
I had never heard of this institution before that time so I called to be sure that no fradulent accounts had been opened using my name.
The representative further deceitfully asked me for my address to verify that the account and address on file was not mine.
XXXX of XXXX :
This appears to be fraud.
The only payment options I was offered by the original creditor was the balance over 12 months, which I could not afford. 

XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX attached is a copy of my actual equifax credit report
Plus we're paying our electric bill and we didn't sign up for that.
I was told by the agent XXXX that this information could not be released over the phone but would be provided by mail in XXXX days. 


If you look at their XXXX profile, you will find that I'm not the only victim :
i never received any money, but they were keep calling me at home and on my cellphones and every time i was trying to pick it up, it gets cut off.
The agent said that they needed the death certificate and the estate paperwork to discuss the loan with me.
We have begged for OCWEN to PLEASE SEE WHERE THIS IS A MISUNDERSTANDING and ALLOW US TO KEEP OUR HOME!
experian is an abusive company.
date last active transunion XX/XX/XXXX XXXX  XX/XX/XXXX / XXXX XX/XX/XXXX... 

Checking XXXX claim submitted | View claim details | View uploads Claim Status : Closed - ApprovedClaim Number : XXXX First Reported : XXXX Reopened : XXXX Details :
No provision of this section shall be construed as requiring a consumer reporting agency to prevent a Federal, State, or local law enforcement agency from accessing blocked information in a consumer file to which the agency could otherwise obtain access under this subchapter.
The specific information under dispute is derogatory nature.
Here we are XXXX XXXX 2016, I go to my house and my realtor 's lock box has been cut off and replaced, with winterization notices.
I was told I was eligible to receive a managers special because I am a 100 % XXXX vet that I would only have to pay 1052 monthly payment on a XXXX car.
Ive spent tens of thousands on this card and paid on time prior to the shut down only to be treated like this.
I left out the fact, except to the  people I've spoken to in the news and my lawyer, about the several letters I received from Chase acknowledging that I am in fact in the 'mortgage payment assistance program ', starting in XX/XX/XXXX.
I keep sending over documents to get these address removed and I also have active alert but I keep seeing address being added to my account and address staying the
Your initial communication to me of the alleged-debt was within 30 days ago.
I spoke to an operator named XXXX operator Id number XXXX.
and I could end up owning on this truck for the rest of my life.
XXXX I am writing to have you remove account Number : XXXX.
I logged into my XXXX XXXX account and saw a collection from Spring Oaks Captial LLC for {$570.00} dollars.
Which I never verbally consented to do.
If they do their homework correctly they will see that XXXX XXXX has never been the registered owner of the license plate listed above. 





It still has not though, and I believe this is of no fault on XXXX 's part.
His manager will escalate it urgently due to the nature of the re-finance, however, I ask if they can contact me with the final outcome and he states that they are not able to contact me, that I will have to " check back in about a week '' to find out the status.
XXXX years ago I was a victim of an online scam involving Bank of America which I had a checking account with.
I'm really not sure what happened.
She said that it would not because the amount for the autopay draft would be the {$53.00} and that that would reset my card.
It says the original credit was XXXX XXXX XXXX.
15 u.s.c.
I am filing this complaint myself.
After informing by lender of this filing they asked me what where my intentions with the property and I informed them that I wanted to keep the property and just catch up the missed payments.
I've done the FTC Identity Report XXXX, I've called and they've told me that their handling it and they received proper paperwork and I should see an update and i never do.
The reporting of this account as a debt is in accurate.


XXXX ended up settling the law suit for {$16.00} XXXX dollars with the DOJ and acknowledged their fraudulent conduct.
Any other adverse items of information, other than records of convictions of crimes which antedates the report by more than 7 years.


Sections 609 ( a ) ( 1 ) ( A ) and 611 ( a ) ( 1 ).
If anything additional is needed, I am happy to provide.
and then that {$1.00} went 30 days delinquent because I was under the impression the representative gave me the correct payment amount and didnt get written notification in the mail until after they already reported it delinquent to my credit which brought my score down by 80 points.
I thought at that moment that they may have finally closed the accounts, But on XXXX, XXXX, 2022 I can still see the accounts still be opened through online access.
They had planned to handle the funding Thursday XX/XX/XXXX, when it should have been handled XX/XX/XXXX.
Recently I checked my credit report and noticed multiple billing errors under 15 U.S. Code 1666 ( b ) billing error ( 4 )
The respose was the same.
XXXX.
They said it cold take up to 60 days.
I should be able to choose the manner in which I make my mortgage payments as long as by the XXXX of the month, the entire mortgage payment is received by the lending institution.
I called back and Flagstar keeps saying they have to hand in a ticket and it will take 2 weeks.
I have attached the images in this complaint. 


Included with this letter, is every letter written to those who have hampered my ability to obtain credit.
She ignored my information and she argued with me over harassment laws ; not the subject of the collection.
The uploaded demand notice from the lender, Champion Mortgage, gives me 30 days to pay in full before they initiate foreclosure.
I am submitting this complaint to make sure I receive my proper investigation within these 30 days.
They were no able to provide me with any contracts with my signature on it, no paperwork at all.
This has now been placed on my credit report, I want it removed, it is not my dept, how can they just do this!
I provided proof to the payment research center from XXXX that there was an app failure.
You Violated the United States Code Law 15 U.S.C. 1681 ( c ) ( 1 ) ( A ) ( B ) ( i ) ( 3 ) FURNISHING reports in connection with credit or insurance transactions that are not initiated by consumer.


Additionally, please provide me with the name, address, and telephone number of each credit grantor or other subscriber to whom you provided a copy of my credit report within the past six months. 


I DEMAND to see all 100 % verifiable proof that I was indeed Verifiably late on these accounts and the creditor fulfilled its obligations under ( FCBA 1666 ( a ) ( 2 ) ),
This happened all in the same day and was told I cant re file another claim.
Citibank updated all 3 credit bureaus with the 90-day delinquency which dropped my score by 130+ points.
With that being said the bankruptcy needs to be removed since it was  discharged  and I have not received the answers to my request.
it has been over 60 days so it should be deleted promptly.
What the heck is going on here.
I want to inform the credit bureau AGAIN & AGAIN that I was the victim of identity theft.
Currently XXXX and XXXX report Current in payment status.
Hi my name is XXXX XXXX.
What followed has been months, now almost one year, of extensive disruption and an incredible loss of time just trying to put my account in order.
But on XX/XX/2018, I received a partial refund of {$5000.00} because they needed to lower my debt to credit line ratio so that I could acquire a few more interest-free credit cards to make my full payment to XXXX XXXX and start my XXXX XXXX XXXX.
NFCU refused to help me and even after contacting NFCU a second time, refused to help me.
If a fee is associated with a filing, then I pay that fee through the portal by a withdrawal from my professional checking account at Chase Bank.
In XXXX of this year Costco issued a Citi credit card in my name, as the primary on the account, without my express consent.
My offer letter continuously referred to the loan ( XXXX )
And the second mortgage paid to date from XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX paid {$7700.00}.
I have printed documentation from the Serve website regarding my transaction history which clearly lists both transactions.
Requesting to receive revise hard copy Escrow Statement to be generated. 


Additionally, I had to pay legal fees to straighten out my brothers legal issues, and around {$3000.00} in funeral expenses. 


IF they are behind in paperwork they can own that.
XXXX hung up!
Let 's do this again. 

Here are the dates I have called, I believe there are a couple more early in the process but honestly didn't think I needed to be to tracking that closing. 

A section 2 : It also states a consumer reporting agency can not furnish a account without my written instructions
I signed up for 100 % solar.
As per the law, cease and desist all collection activity, including credit reporting.
( they wanted me to spend XXXX dollars to go get a water test for more proof )
On XX/XX/2022 at XXXX, I sent a direct email to La XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX ) and informed them that I reported their fraudulent activity to the U.S. government for XXXX ( please see the attached email ).
I never paid interest because I made my payments in full and on time.
The rep advised me that I was in collections and that I was 1 day past due and that 's why.
I look forward to hearing from you.
( ratin scale is " XXXX to " XXXX ''.
Once again ANY and ALL information you are reporting against me on a consumer report is theft of my identity and unauthorized use, you have done so without my consent, permission or knowledge!
The fact is that these Student Loan Accounts are not mine.
With that said, that issue has put an end to a 6 year relationship, I am now in the process of searching for somewhere to live because of that, etc and has turned my life upside down because he shared private information that I do believe is technically illegal to even do so. 


( A ).
They sent me a reponse saying that the student loans were being reported correctly.
Now its 5 months later, with many calls to PHH & HUD, my monthly statements do not show the {$45000.00} in my account/available to draw.
want to open an investigation and solve my problem because is affecting my Credit Score.
XXXX
I stated that I would not pay late fees as I made my usual payments that cleared my bank in XXXX  and XXXX  and I would make my two remaining payments XX/XX/XXXX & XX/XX/XXXX as my contract agreed to.
Neither identifies themself.
The next email from XXXX stated that it was now out of his hands because I had previously refused to sign the ITP.
While I begin sourcing items through XXXX XXXX told I need to have services from XXXX XXXX XXXX for {$8000.00} on XX/XX/19 and then was contacted by a company named XXXX asking for {$4000.00} for tax services they reduced this fee to {$350.00} and never did anything for this payment.
Even though I may have received an approval of an updated credit report from either XXXX, XXXX XXXX or Equifax respectively, it is unfair that I need to do a mail request since I can submit my personal information through the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau ( CFPB ) portal.
which is clearly illegal since the loan has been paid.
XXXX said she did put it back on.
Reported Debt Balance : {$1300.00} Reported Open Date XXXX  : XX/XX/2016 Reported Open Date XXXX  : Invalid Date The inaccurate/non-existent information above was recorded from my credit reports on the date of the submission of this complaint. 


Please submit proof that this is my debt
I JUST CAN'T UNDERSTAND YOUR REASONING!!!!
The problem has not been resolved.
I later found out they lost a class action law suit against them because they were targeting individuals that they knew could not afford these auto loans they were given them.
I can be reached at XXXX. 


I reviewed my bank records and determined the last rate increase was in XXXX XXXX and therefore my amount due should not change from {$190.00} until XXXX.
Two months after my last phone call, they still haven't resolved this matter.
I have never gone to college.
I was on call with XXXX agencies XXXX after the other for almost XXXX hours and they could not resolve the issue.
I demand to see verifiable proof an original consumer contract with my signature on it that you have on file for the account listed below.


I have given Equifax written instructions on how to report ANY information about me yet the issues haven't been resolved. 


I have pled with them to make reasonable arrangements with me so I may meet my obligations, but they have refused and have threatened legal action against my cosigners instead.
I have every letter, every piece of note throughout whole process from phone conversations, from all XXXX relationship managers I have been assigned too.
Ocwen refuses to release their lien against me as well as refuses to release any and all other inaccurate encumbrances they have placed against me and or my name Ocwen is knowingly and willfully acting illegal by attempting to cohere consumers into providing information they have no right to and that is not required they provide by law, especially information as personal as one 's social security card.
Seterus which is the servicer.
Experian has not updated all of my accounts to show correct information.  
I should n't have to sue Equifax in order to get them to do the right thing and report accurately.
A person shall not furnish any information relating to a consumer to any consumer reporting agency if the person knows or has reasonable cause to believe that the information is inaccurate.


In the documents below, it show the charge on my XXXX statement, then removed from my XXXX statement.
How many of these suits were a direct result of the debts in question from XX/XX/XXXX-XX/XX/XXXX per the aforementioned Administrative Proceeding and Consent Order generating a combined {$80.00} million fine/penalty payment? 

A Section 2 : It also states a consumer reporting agency can not furnish a account without my written instructions
Instead, sending duplicate computer generated responses.
This seems highly unethical to me and I would like for the CFPB to so some research into whether this is legal and, if so, whether it should be in the first place.
I have had my capital one account frozen for over XXXX weeks.
The representative told me they would be mailed to me within 30 days.
When she returned back on the line she informed me that XXXX was not available but that she would try to help me.
I am trying to obtain credit and these inaccurate, fraudulent and unverifiable items are preventing me from doing so.
XXXX XXXX said he couldnt help me further.
XXXX XXXX XXXX : XXXX, XXXX XXXX : XXXX XXXX :
I am a XXXX single mom of XXXX XXXX children and I already fill in poverty.
This has been a big mess that I cant seem to resolve on my own.
The account number is XXXX ( {$690.00} )
All I am asking is the chance to open a dispute.
Unfortunately, PenFed only can say that 'my case ' is on a supervisors desk for review. 


As per the literal interpretation Any medium includes any oral, written, electronic, or other medium.
I would not take it out of context to say BOA is playing the laws of average that if they deny X amount of claims, only a certain percentage wiill invest the time and money to fight there bogus findings.
Further, there should be some consequence to the collection and credit reporting agencies for knowingly reporting false information. 

Card XXXX about this issue and I closed the account at consumer 's request.
I am a victim of Identity theft, and I did not make or authorize this charge.
I recently pulled my credit report from your Bureau and my attorneys and I had a chance to go over my credit report and in amazement, that you have decided to report me 30 days late on this account in XX/XX/XXXX. 


So we used our Citicard XXXX to pay for room.
I can not buy a new home and am very scared to ever try again after this experience.
15 USC 1681 Section 602 States I have the rights to privacy.


Yet they could not come up with an explanation to what happened.
Because I have no credit history, they want $ XXXX down and 10.5 % APR.
I submitted an application for a mortgage refinance loan with Quicken Loans on XXXX XXXX.
Now? 

This account is identity theft, I filed a FTC report with the consumer reporting agencies when XXXX XXXX XXXX sold the alleged debt to XXXX, XXXX debt collection agency, their account number for this alleged debt was Account number # XXXX for {$270.00} ( notice both account numbers are different for each debt collection agency ).
On XX/XX/21 my debit card was used to make a fraudulent purchase which the bank alerted me to.
I completed my consolidation application before the first payments were to become due on all of my loans.
You are required under the FCRA to have a copy of the original creditor 's documentation on file to verify that this information is mine and that it is correct. 


( a ) ( 5 ) section states : no consumer reporting agency may make any consumer report containing any of the following items of information any other adverse item of information, other than records of crime which antedates the report by more than seven years.


My husband passed away unexpectedly XX/XX/21.
A consumer reporting agency shall promptly notify the furnisher of information identified by the consumer under subsection ( a ) of this section ( 1 ) that the information may be a result of identity theft ; ( 2 ) that an identity theft report has been filed ; ( 3 ) that a block has been requested under this section ; and ( 4 ) of the effective dates of the block.
I have contact them severals time in regards to providing me validation of this debt.
I have several hardships.
Contacted XXXX XXXX XXXX 's office was advised to file complaint forms XXXX and XXXX.
Pursuant 15 USC 1681a 2 ( A ) ( i )
My credit profile is affected by these penalties, preventing my creditworthiness, due to these companies.
I do not understand why they are abusing consumers
Was denied access to the personal history with the bank.      
I have been disputing with the XXXX credit companies about Bay Area Credit Service since XX/XX/XXXX of an account that they have in my credit file reporting since XXXX, XXXX XXXX.
I wrote a letter and send it and they have not fixed the problem I have asked them for a letter to show that the payments were made on time they tell me they cant do that and will not help me.
Card associated with this account was never sent/received.
I financed a car.
I bought my home in  XXXX  and refinanced into a predatory adjustable rate mortgage in  XXXX .
I am seeking assistance in resolving a matter with the credit bureau Equifax.
The last few years, I tried to dispute this information with Bank of America credit card department notifying them I didn't open a credit card on XX/XX/2017 for credit line of {$1000.00} but exceed {$1200.00} the date of Charged off as bad debt from the institution.
and I said OK, then stated that I had to pay for it, and I refused because it was their modem
Since their pattern of abuse and fraud is recognizable, can you help me have them remove erroneous late payments that have long since been charged off with account closed.
In addition, I spent thousands of dollars trying different supplemental products we thought would assist with her other medical conditions that affect her anatomy. 


On XX/XX/2021 sent a letter regarding inaccurate and unknown things on my credit report, To this day over 60 days later i have not received a response yet.
It was said to me like a threat that I was going to look stupid, because they were in compliance.
Called back and advised the rep what was going on.
1681s-2 ( a ) ( 1 ) is amended ( 1 ) in subparagraph ( A ), by striking " knows or consciously avoids knowing the information is inaccurate '' and inserting " knows or has reasonable cause to believe that the information is inaccurate '', and ( 2 ) by adding at the end of the following : ( D ) DEFINITION -- For purposes of subparagraph ( A ), the term 'reasonable cause to believe that the information is inaccurate ' means having specific knowledge, other than solely allegations by the consumer, that would cause a reasonable person to have substantial doubts about the accuracy of information.
My ending balance be positive but I still end up getting an overdraft charge.
I logged on my account and seen I had a balance for XXXX
I examined my XXXX camera footage from the day at issue and reached out to the post office.
I did not miss a Chapter #  XXXX  payment or a mortgage payment.   
As of tomorrow I will be in default on my mortgage simply because Standard Mortgage refuses to help me by restructuring my loan to where I can be current on my payments.
What a XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX bank.
Please provide a signature from this creditor.
Either agree to settle Or STOP REPORTING!!
I then went to the XXXX XXXX in XXXX and told them what call I received and they immediately stated that theres been recent cases just like that and its a scam, they said to call the number on my wells fargo card XXXX ( XXXX ) XXXX, which happens to be the exact same number the scam call came from.
However, I was never told it was going to be a hard inquiry to pursue a credit line increase until the very end of the call.
I am aware that the HIPAA does allow for limited information about me but anything more is to only be revealed with the patients authorization.
Multiple phone calls 2 loans from XX/XX/XXXX, one for XXXX, another XXXX settled in XX/XX/XXXX with {$0.00} balance.
Regards.
As such, here again I declare my right and preference to stand against all claims of the to-be Plaintiff ( s ) and call on your authority and INTEGRITY to ensure truth of claim, correctness of claim, completeness of claim, ownership and responsibility of any debt ( s ) or delinquencies of debt alleged in above noted claim ( s ), perfect and prove-able compliance of collection actions related to claim ( s ), and compliance of reporting actions related to claim ( s ) ... ...
I have an unauthorized inquiry from Factual Data which occurred on XXXX XXXX,2017.
XXXX response to my above email XX/XX/XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX
This company discriminated, chose to retaliate against me by closing an account that was in good standings.
I however did keep in touch with Nation Star & again was told that I was n't delinquent with my loan.
I post this complaint to the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau, as well as every credit reporting agency in the United States.
Thank You!
I did submit the locked loan approval about 10 days ago which will expire by the end of this month.
I have tried to resolve this issue on several occasions via phone conversation, online dispute, and by mail.
I find this to be the worst deceptive banking practices.
And the address was supposed to be in XXXX, IN. 


This is absolutely shady business practices, and I am now feeling like this is what this company does to get money out of people.
This document was NEVER notarized or authorized by any court in the State Of Connecticut.
Experian then made 3 requests for me to prove my identity.
Now, I have my loan in deferment and can not access my account.
Nothing of this was stated in my denial letter, and this is not being transparent. 


This was later followed by another letter on XXXX/XXXX/15 indicating that {$15000.00} was past due.
I am unable to pay my bill, so my credit is being affected.
The following information is outdated.
I feel bank of america failed to protect me as an customer.
This man totally misrepresented himself to gain our personal and private information, including my Social Security number and banking information.
She has been calling on the weekends.
We contacted the company and were told the only way to fix the escrow was to apply for a loan modification, which we did.
i have almost no debt and my identity was stolen causing my score to drop
How did each consumer reporting agency complete the investigation? 


but I need to discuss the next step to get them the check for repairs.
It is still actively on my account and is effecting it negatively even though ive never missed a payment and ive closed it.
In order to finish my report you have to have my written consent, 15 usc 1691.
He would promise to call with updates and not do so.
My payments were automatically deducted from my bank account.
they are no longer sending statements but instead a coupon with no loan information.
She was very rude and disconcerting, kept me on the phone for 15 minutes with nonsense.
I will finish my 120 payments in 21 months.
she said since it was a XXXX voice that's all that matters, un acceptable excuse.
I had submitted dispute letters to you recently and received a response that is nothing more than a stall tactic.
Although XXXX XXXX launched XXXX, the two companies function as distinct and separate entities.
Branch referenced is XXXX XXXX XXXX, XXXX, PA XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX, XXXX  XXXX XXXX, PA XXXX XXXX XX/XX/XXXX Huntington Bank Attn : Complaint Department XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX,
now on this particular day it happened to be my now XXXXXXXX XXXX XXXX birthday!
Late fees built up in the amount of {$100.00} consisting completely of compounding late fees and interest all of which I was unaware existed. 


They must be removed immediately.
My original loan contract with XXXX XXXX did not specify that my homeowners insurance had to be included in my escrow and it was never included in the 14 years that I was with them.
Please delete immediately. 


Please update my addresses to : Please update my name to : My only social security number is : My only and correct date of birth is : My only employers is : I do not wish to have any telephone numbers on my report. 

Again the banker appeared to be clueless.
I am only 3 payments behind and a foreclosure has not been started.
Equifax is showing the following Inquiries on my credit report, I have reached out to them asking for a full investigation and proof that these in fact belong to me and i have yet to hear from they its been over 45 days i just want them removed from my credit file if there is not proof that i submitted my information for credit with these companies.
Partial refunds to buy the same thing that is not as described is meaningless.
Holding my credit card whixh was made avai to me is a credit discrimination with the IDTheft victim.
i dont know where that XXXX reinstatement fee comes from on aXXXX loan that was15 ye ars old
Creditor- CREDIT ACCEPTANCE CORP
Again, I reiterate I have called on the accusers to present to be document certifiably true, correct, complete, and adequately compliant documentation in full validation of claims, rights to collect alleged claims, and rights to report alleged claims.
I have called Granite State Management Company twice seeking a repayment schedule for my loan.
SO please comply with the law so this matter can be handled swiftly. 


I have certainly not been provided with any evidence that it was not changed, nor have I received any written response or documentation from TD Bank despite my repeated requests for this information going back to the first denial of my claim by TD Bank a mere four days after my in person visit to the branch.


Not only was I never late on this account, but according to the Fair Credit Reporting Act ( FCRA ), the information furnisher is required to notify me of the insertion of negative listings.
My next step, is to file a complaint with the Attorney General 's office if they do not remove these ERRONEOUS information off my credit report.
I DID NOT AUTHORIZE FOR THEM TO RUN MY CREDIT.
By any definition, that is excessive and usurious.
I HAVE SENT NUMEROUS LETTERS TO THE CREDIT REPORTING AGENCIES ASKING THEM TO REMOVE INQUIRIES THAT DO NOT BELONG TO ME.
In those XXXX years we have recieved only XXXX account statement from capital one auto finance and that was in XX/XX/2017.
I have tried to get them to provide me  with a XXXX  balance letter which is what the credit bureaus say is sufficient evidence to have the credit file updated or deleted from derogatory reporting.
REMOVE THIS COLLECTION ACCOUNT COMPLETELY FROM MY CREDIT REPORT.
However, I have to seen any transaction on my account.
This is not true.
I was advised that a refund would be direct-deposited into my bank account with 48 hours. 


I have done many attempts to reach out to the XXXX  but they failed to give me any results or feedbacks about this concern.
I have not received a bill, an invoice or a name.
Please resolve this matter as soon as possible.
I have remained humbled despite the stress, abuse, and harm these 3 credit reporting agencies have done to me.
Accounts are showing written off or charged off and they still showing a balance which is against the law.
I was also told to stop calling and that they would contact me when the " computer glitch '' is resolved.
XXXX XXXX
Pls call me at XXXX Pls XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX sent the following message at XXXX PM
The transaction was a legitimate transaction, which was done in the bank, with the help of a banker.
What is the Legal Status of the Coinage Act of XXXX? 

I have disputed unauthorized inquiries that appear on my credit report.
XX/XX/2019, I mailed a letter to the United States Bankruptcy XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX Florida and requested then procedure for verifying records with the credit reporting agencies.
The information you disputed has been verified as accurate ; however, information unrelated to your dispute has been updated.
( I SENT A CLEAR STATEMENT SHEET EXPLAINING I WAS NOT THE  ONE O PENING THESE SPECIFIC ACCOUNTS ) __
In fact, when I called them, they stated that their policy supersedes Federal law ( which states ) ( a ) Block A consumer reporting agency should block the reporting of any information in the file of a consumer that the consumer identifies as information that resulted from an alleged identity theft, not later than 4 business days after the date receipt by such agency of-
On XX/XX/2016 Citicards called me to report a suspicious transaction on my account resulting in termination of the card and issuance of a new card.
I have very low credit utilization.
XXXX XXXX  XXXX with ACCT # XXXX opened on XXXX  XXXX, XXXX with a balance of {$0.00} -This is not my account. 


She said she has no further information.
I called our local Citizens Bank branch office today and XXXX told me that they have the money, they will not put it into my checking account.
These items are fraudulent and impacting my relationships with creditors.
On XXXX XXXX and again on XXXX XXXX, I contacted XXXX of XXXX supervisors, XXXX XXXX and XXXX XXXX, to reconsider our application based on our excellent credit, finances, and having been a BOA customer for many years.
Capital one placed a hold on my available funds for a week because I made more than one payment in a month.
This line needs to be removed since it has met the 6 years 6 months seasoning period.
A payment of {$300.00} is what was left on the account.
My company was on the phone with representatives of Mr. Cooper for several hours on XX/XX/XXXX XX/XX/XXXX, and was informed by XXXX XXXX ( supervisor ), XXXX XXXX ( escalation customer service ) and XXXX XXXX ( loss mitigation ), that the reason for the rejection was a {$530.00} legal fee because the loan was sent to legal on XX/XX/XXXX!
they are again reporting incorrect information for the creditor which means there is n't any way to verify the debt w/ the creditor.
Its the way they tack these onto unsuspecting customers.
On XX/XX/XXXX, I initiated a dispute with Experian regarding 4 XXXX accounts.
I contacted them to stop taking money out of my account, but they attempted 1 last time, and then I attempted to reach a settlement with them based on the original XXXX I borrowed, minus the XXXX I paid, minus the NSF fee incurred by them attempting to debit my checking account 1 last time after I gave them proper notice to stop.
Prior to the CFPB complaint, I sent not less than 4 certified mail letters to Experian requesting the removal of these fraudulent names and addresses from my credit report to which they never responded.
Or, if they decide to keep the service, then be forthright with their customers and tell them exactly why they are not able to add money after consistent failures.
An escalation was done on XX/XX/XXXX, according to the supervisor I talked to.
12USC1813 ( I ) the application was the deposit.
Dear XXXX XXXX, Thank you for contacting the Dispute Resolution Department.
All securitizations are self-insured through their credit ratings, insuring a premium on each pooling agreement package that is 100 % profit to all banks packaging securitizations.
He said {$1700.00} was due.
Im attaching the required FTC Report for you ( which complies with FCRA Section 603 ( q ) ( XXXX ) which states ( XXXX )
The payments were made on XX/XX/25 via electronic check Batch # XXXX in the amount of {$6700.00}.
My credit now shows a late payment when I did exactly what was asked of me and within the same day.
This new possible modification papers I was sent I did not agree with and asked to appeal and PennyMac representative XXXX told me it would not help me or change anything to try to appeal.
Transunion stated that the accounts were verified/updated ( see the response letter from Transunion attached File # XXXX ) but how is this possible if they did not do a proper investigation according to the law?
I do know I did nothing wrong.
Agreement that bears the signature of the alleged debtor wherein he/she agreed to pay the creditor. 

In accordance with the Fair Credit Reporting act.
ALSO KEEP IN MIND THAT THE DEROGATORY ACCOUNTS AND INQUIRIES DO NOT BELONG TO ME.
I stated to him I didnt know what he was referring to I had not received any check from XXXX .
This information is reporting is incomplete and can not be verified under the accurate method of verification under 611 ( a ) ( 6 ) and ( 7 ).
I sent letters to all credit agencies regarding listing accounts on my credit report as being adverse.
On XX/XX/XXXX, my card had not been drafted.
Also, there are some unauthorized inquiries that I don't recognized.
O said I don't care if I did I also said I couldn't make the payment and you guys took the {$73.00} anyway out my checking account and over drawed my account and a fee of {$34.00} added to it.
Further more they deleted any late fee 's as a courtesy.
I was instructed I would receive my items no later than two weeks from the date ordered.
SOOOOOOO????.
This new reporting has re-aged the account, and caused my Equifax score to plummet by XXXX points.
The company is named XXXX located at XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX, XXXX XXXX, MO.
On these subscribers that are reporting the affixed information, I am requesting full validation such as, original transfer rights to collect, confirmation of legal timeline to report on credit and/or collection procedures, validation of licensing requirements, posted bonding requirements, oversight on monthly payment histories, proper subscriber agreement compliance with credit reporting agencies, and overall compliance with all Fair Credit Reporting Act and Fair Debt Collection Practices Act bylaws as mandated by federal laws.
Multiple emails and phone calls have resulted in nothing but wasted time and frustration and the cost of multiple flights to care for my mother during her XXXX illness that would have been covered by the mileage if I had received it.
My request to DELETE PERMANENTLY THE FRAUDULENT ITEMS FROM MY CREDIT REPORT is not being made in error ; nor is it being made on the basis of a material misrepresentation of fact by me relevant to the request to delete the identified transactions.
I explained that my reason for the dispute was because I believe that Citi was engaging in a practice of predatory lending and was intentionally lowering my credit limit to adversely impact me.
XXXX and Transunion are reporting incorrectly that I am 120 days past due on the XXXX XXXX account.
These are records from XXXX themselves. 


In addition to this, In XX/XX/XXXX, I left XXXX XXXX ( phone number XXXX XXXX and her counterpart at Bank of America, XXXX XXXX in their Regulatory Complaints department ( her phone number is XXXX XXXX ), to let them both know that XXXX XXXX was placing harassing and unwelcome phone calls to me.
Due to the urgency of the situation, I visited another doctor who handled the situation more promptly which led to the resolution of the medical issue.
This is my NUMEROUS request that I have been a victim of identity theft and that no one seems to care, that I want to dispute specific records in my credit file that do not belong to me, or that I have signed any agreement.
This is a formal complaint against State Collection Services InXXXX for violations of the Fair Debt Collections Practices Act.
This company also has NO permission to report ANYTHING using my information pursuant to 15USC1681 4 Credit report found unverifiable, invalidated, inaccurate, and questionable items that your agency did not make sure it was reporting 100 % correct.
On XXXX XXXX, 2016, the father of my son and my fianc was XXXX.
Capital One Bank National Association has mislead the consumer, when in fact the Alleged debt balance showed it has already been accounted for.
XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX, XXXX, XXXX XXXX, XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX, CA XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX, CA XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX, CA XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX, CA XXXX XXXXXXXX XXXX XXXX  XXXX XXXX, CA XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX, CA XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX, CA XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX, CA XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX, CA XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX, CA XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX Balance : {$5600.00} XXXXXXXX XXXX  XXXX Balance : {$5500.00} XXXXXXXX XXXX XXXX XXXXXXXX Balance : {$2900.00} XXXX XXXX XXXXXXXX
The case number is XXXX. 


Our banker never seemed to know what was happening.
My name is the only name deleted although it is on the lease. 


During the statutory ten day period before the finalization of the sale, objection to the sale was filed.
-15 U.S.C. 1681 section 602 A States.
XXXX is reporting my FICO this month at XXXX and there 's no reason why Equifax 's score should be underreported so low.
I have contacted company 5 times by phone and email and being told different things by each person. 


I had negotiated a " Pay for Delete '' with this company FRANKLIN COLLECTION SERVICES, and they not only didn't delete the collection from my credit file, but they continue to report the debt monthly even though it was paid inXX/XX/2016.
3.
I sent letters to TransUnion Credit Bureau the date of the last letter was on XX/XX/XXXX.
XXXX XXXX XXXX
I emailed my refund requests to XXXX customer service numerous times, there was no response.
I 've spent hours attempting to resolve this issue with XXXX but have yet to receive any type of settlement or resolution offer from her.
SLS said XXXX XXXX XXXX reported to them back when they brought the loan I had some missed payments, the months SLS told me I missed I sent proof that the payments had been made to XXXX.
This is because USAA is being untruthful.
TD Bank is not trustworthy and I need your help
XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX : is double reporting a debt on my credit file with XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX.
The court said If there is only one ( 1 ) " attesting '' witness, the deed is not entitled to be recorded, even if the deed is subsequently " acknowledged '' and even if the one " attesting '' witness is an authorized officer.
I am a victim of Identity Theft.
XX/XX/XXXX I requested a credit freeze be lifted for my Equifax credit file to see if any of my complaints had been resolved and they had not. 


I have been member since 2009 and had a excellent payment history.
After sending the email, I later received a emessage that stated my appeal will be reviewed and its no specific timeframe in which it will be done.
From this place, that was willing to help with the financial burden and pay Wells Fargo what was owed.
XXXX XXXX  XXXX XXXX  XXXX XXXX Account Number : XXXX XXXX XXXX  Account Number : XXXX XXXX XXXX  Account XXXX : XXXX, has violated my rights 15 U.S.C 1681 section 602
My family and I were affected by Hurricane Ian and Nicole during the months of XXXX and XXXX in 2022.
In accordance with the Fair Credit Reporting act XXXX XXXX  XXXX Account XXXX, has violated my rights.
Please delete this tradeline for inaccuracy in reporting, it should have been removed in XXXX due to the 7 year negative reporting clause.
I was an account holder at Wells Fargo Bank, I had numerous of unauthorized charges on my account.
I ATTACHED A COPY OF MY UTILITY BILL TO PROVE THAT THE DEBT IS NOT MINE. 

My flight was then supposed to be changed to XXXX on XX/XX/2019 at XXXX. 


Nobody ever called.
On top of that their DATA BREACH included my social security number and I received an alert that my social was on the dark web.
After I opened the accounts I was told by the local bank that my funds would be available the next day.
I understand if Capital One does not want to report this information on XXXX, but by removing this information from XXXX AND XXXX will cause my CREDIT SCORE TO DROP.
Individuals that do not will be subjected to interest and fees.
PLEASE help me get this derogatory, costly and very damaging account permanently removed from my XXXX and XXXX credit files.


XXXX, the manager, threatened to call my husbands employer and garnish all his wages.
A person shall not furnish any information relating to a consumer to any consumer reporting agency if the person knows has reasonable cause to believe that the information is inaccurate.
I am asking that you address this matter Please.
I owe {$30000.00} in my federal loans.
The bank reversed my transfer on XXXX/XXXX/16.
Now Midland is harassing me and threatening to take me to court.
on my credit repot claiming unpaid debt by CACH LLC.
I have done my research on this finance company and did not choose to have them purchase my loan.
I was asking for all information regarding the account and they did not give me any pertinent information regarding it.
They did not. 


I have many student loans on my report at a {$0.00} balance that were paid in full and either closed accounts/sold accounts/ or months over 7 years old with negative remarks about them being deragatory.
this debt 4 times and i have yet to receive a signed contract for either account.
In accordance with the Fair Credit Reporting act XXXX GEORGIA XXXXXXXX XXXX XXXX  # XXXX, has violated my rights. 


XXXX  Account # XXXX XXXX  Account # XXXX XXXX  Account # XXXX XXXX  Account # XXXX XXXXXXXX XXXX XXXX Account # XXXX XXXX XXXXXXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXXXXXX XXXX XXXX  Account # XXXX has violated my rights. 


I am always paying in the month in which I am due.
The new amount is over {$16.00} more per month.
In XXXX, Complainant applied and was approved for lines of cred upon the referenced accounts issued by the XXXX  XXXX XXXX ( XXXX ). 


Their mobile app has not worked in weeks and their website just had me set up a secondary authentication with my phone number.
We reached out to XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX at XXXX XXXX XXXX & advised the same the very same day, XX/XX/XXXX.
My mortgage was transferred to Shellpoint in XXXX XXXX.
In XXXX, it came to my attention that I had an entry on my credit report in the range of {$90000.00}.
The documentation attached clearly states that the loan type is a fixed rate and it also states that the payment amount is principal AND interest, not interest only. 

I have been trying to get my score and report from Equifax I have mailed and faxed everything they have asked for and they are continuing to ask me to send the same information to them I didn't have this issue a week ago I have attached my driver license to this complaint
I worked out the issue with the agent who was in Wisconsin I believed.
I have called several times to get the fax number or address and process on how to do this.
I was shuffled around to ten different customer service representatives, some of whom were outright rude, and all of whom told me that they could not fulfill my request.
I included the FTC   Advisory Opinion to XXXX ( XX/XX/XXXX ).
After doing so I notice a couple of items on my report that are not mine.
XXXX XXXX had said it was a No Interest calculated for one year from date of purchase.
My information was also impacted by the XXXX XXXX breach and may have got into the hands of the wrong person.
Once in XXXX and then again now in XXXX.
This was a failure of the XXXX system, and for the error to cause negative rating to my credit, again nearly perfect for 25 years..is very disturbing ... and doesn't in any way reflect my personal credit responsibility and awareness.
When I paid them, they said there shouldnt be any fees but on the day I sen tin my payment, they tack on a Property inspection fee.
I have inquiries from Equifax that were unauthorized.
XX/XX/2022 Wire Transferred to Scammer which has account in XXXX XXXX XXXX  Total {$20000.00} As per bank, it said : Recall is in the process.
XXXX  hundred dollars is a lot for a loan that I thought was under Federal school loan and not a loan from the school.
The company stated in the letter that unless you notify this office within 30 days after receiving this notice, that you dispute the validity of this debt or any portion thereof, this office will assume the debt is valid. 


I will attach documents proving this dispute below.
They delay and delay, and then tell me they can not process the loan without yet another round of P & L 's and bank statements.
That they submit information and, its up the credit bureaus to accurately report. 


Please help me get this taken care of XXXX/XXXX  / CHARGED OFF ACCOUNT -
This is unethically! 
!
We all know CREDIT ACCEPTANCE CORPORATION do not have a leg to stand on in court.
The account was paid in full via the XXXX XXXX XXXX arrangement for a payoff date directly with them they agreed to.
I did in fact use the app and the credit monitoring for the latest updated information today as I do almost every day and it shows no late payments.
Under the FDCPA the term " creditor '' is defined as anyone who extends or offers credit.
In addition, this statement of " your monthly obligations, total outstanding debt, and payment status could not be verified without the XXXX mortgage statement indicates predatory, bad-faith and unfair dealings since a ) Mortgage statement availability date varies, which the Loan Depot is fully aware of given being the # 2 independent mortgage service company.
XXXX XXXX XXXX has violated the Fair Credit Reporting Act Section 1681b ( c ).
I have attempted to write XXXX XXXX XXXX, email, call, etc. for XXXX years now and no one ever gets me to the right department.
And, upon his death, his ex-wife who is on the deed, became solely responsible for the condo and all financial obligations associated with it.
I have contact all involved parties the credit bureaus and companies to have accounts removed ; provided proof of payment and payment history.
Proof is also attached to this complaint.
Therefore, if you are unable to provide me with a copy of the verifiable proof that you have on file for each of the accounts listed below within 30 days of receipt of this letter then you must remove these accounts from my credit report.
Additional information As part of, or in addition to, the notice under clause ( ii ), a consumer reporting agency shall provide to a consumer in writing not later than 5 business days after the date of the reinsertion ( I ) a statement that the disputed information has been reinserted ; ( II ) the business name and address of any furnisher of information contacted and the telephone number of such furnisher, if reasonably available, or of any furnisher of information that contacted the consumer reporting agency, in connection with the reinsertion of such information ; and ( III ) a notice that the consumer has the right to add a statement to the consumers file disputing the accuracy or completeness of the disputed information.


CC 's
Thank you for your time.
and they always help but I think this company is stalling so they can take our property behind out back
While frustrated, I decided to make the last payment through their ACH feature on their website.
That is a huge difference.
Furthermore, In accordance with The Fair Credit Reporting Act, Public law 91-506, Title VI, Section 611, Subsection A-D, please provide the names and business addresses of each individual with whom you verified the above, so that I may follow up.
Any letter from a debt collector or creditor has to be clear and concise and be able to be understood by the least sophisticated consumer.
For 2 1/2 months asked for documents after documents no end going back 3 years.
Finally one of the representatives agreed that something was not right on my account and had the company do " research ''.
I am almost done with my home mortgage with Nationstar dba Mr. Cooper.
Im requested the verification of the inquiries and the method of verification. 


I listed below the names and the dates the inquiries were made.
I'm really not sure what happened.
They told us numerous times that they did not receive them and requested them again and again.
( XXXX XXXX )
During this time, I was instructed by the company that missed payments would not be reported to the credit bureaus.
Failing that, the item MUST BE DELETED from the report as soon as possible OR OTHERWISE STATED IN THE ABOVE INSTRUCTIONS.
The inclusion of this inaccurate information is a mistake on either your or the reporting creditor 's part.
XXXX.
They were only able to tell me how much I would pay if I did consolidate.
If this documentary evidence can not be produced and AMERIHOME MORTGAGE COMPANY continues its collections efforts, I will file for litigation for actual damages caused and AMERIHOME MORTGAGE COMPANY will be held criminally liable for aggravated identity theft pursuant to 18 USC 1028A, extortion, theft by deception, securities fraud, and mail fraud.
Now I have to pay the debt plus court fees and the laywer is telling me even if we dont go to court on this it will still show as a judgement on my credit.
Chase XXXX XXXX : XXXX, Opened in XXXX use.
Second, these accounts are currently being coded as an I5.
They need to be reigned in.
The local branch still pulled my credit report, resulting in a hard inquiry without my permission.
It has now been turned over to XXXX  XXXX.
DEPT OF EDXXXXXXXX Last reported XX/XX/2022 {$3700.00} Reported balance DEPT OF EDXXXX Last reported XX/XX/2022 {$3400.00} Reported balance DEPT OF ED/XXXX  
After receiving a current copy of my credit report, I discovered some entries that were identified as inquiries which qualified for deletion from my report.
I request information in writing from XXXX XXXX  but they refuse to send me any documents in writing.
Therefore I would like to file a formal complaint against XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX at Law XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX, NY XXXX and XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX, NJ XXXX for violation of the Fair Debt Collections Practices Act.
This has been very stressful for me.
The provisions of this section do not apply to a check services company, acting as such, which issues authorizations for the purpose of approving or processing negotiable instruments, electronic fund transfers, or similar methods of payments, except that, beginning 4 business days after receipt of information described in paragraphs ( 1 ) through ( 3 ) of subsection ( a ) of this section, a check services company shall not report to a national consumer reporting agency described in section 1681a ( p ) of this title, any information identified in the subject identity theft report as resulting from identity theft.
Not only was a hard inquiry placed on my credit report but my my frustration is, they KNEW I had a repossession because it was the first thing I disclose to them and second the repossession happen over 15years ago!!!
I called the number and they again refused to give me a website or mail me a letter.
accordance with the Fair Credit Reporting act XXXX Account # XXXX, has violated my rights. 


That was after attempting to contact XXXX more than 21 times.
I am in the mortgage business. 


This is my 14th dispute in which I am currently awaiting results.
Section 623 ( b ) ( l ) ( C ) and ( b ) ( l ) ( D ). 

I explained that it had been more than 10 years and that these XXXX item should be removed from my credit report.
I sent proof of the payment being digitally sent. 

31 days later, I have not received any response.
Then they put a disconnect fee which I was told no customer service i moved police called and Covid they lied to me
I can only surmise that XXXX 's isolation and obscurity is intentional and for the purpose of unfairly frustrating, deceiving and abusing consumers.
Medical Data Systems has a debt on my credit report and it 's showing paid, but this debt is not mine.
Franklin Collection Svcs was able obtain a statement. 


We understand that mortgage payments can fluctuate ; however, an additional {$600.00} is extremely excessive. 


I have been paying discover close to $ 600 monthly to reduce this balance.
Section 611 ( a ) clearly states that a failure to investigate these items within 30 days gives reason to immediately remove those items from my credit report.
The statue of limitation on debit in Texas is four years.
THE MASTER Bathroom HAS NO HEAT, NO AIR CONDITIONING, NO WATER IN A XXXX ' X XXXX '
Included in the total {$1000.00} charge was a separate line item for {$340.00} of shipping charges for the components.
I called and spoke to several representatives that asked for information on a loan that I had taken out.
I really hope the CFPB can do something to help us.
I am a customer and should not be treated in that manner. 


Calvary Portfolio is frequently updating my XXXX credit report - showing date reported as most recent asXX/XX/XXXX.
I disputed the claim in writing to Resurgent still waiting for verification.
We hired Attorney XXXX through the recommendation of our realtor, XXXX XXXX.
That same day, I filed a file report to notify my local precinct that my identity had been stolen to create this account.
The loan was made on the internet for over {$4500.00} way back in XXXX of 2017.
They took the accounts off my credit report but I am filing a complaint due to no response from the agency and no call back or email that the debts have been cancelled.
I received a call from Penn Credit, a debt collector, in early XX/XX/XXXX saying I had an outstanding balance from the XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX from a home I previously owned.
Protecting the security of the information in our possession is a responsibility we take very seriously and we apologize for the concern and frustration this cybersecurity incident causes.
That was 3 months ago.
I do know that there is another bank called web bank behind these loans so they might be part of the problem too? 


From XX/XX/XXXX until XX/XX/XXXX, my credit represented by my credit score stood at or above XXXX.
and I demand that CFPB investigate this.
After the letter was sent I spoke to the claims department again on XXXX XXXX the and was transferred to a representative from the ACH department who informed me the letter of indemnity was not received by my employer.
I XXXX, and my consolidated loan payments begin XX/XX/XXXX.
When calling about the Amazon cards I always used the numbers that were on the back of the cards, which were the same number. 


But, American Express, failed to respond to my request within 30 days under the Fair Collection Acts, and Ohio Revised Code.
and I said no.
It is now XX/XX/2018
My previous complaint # was XXXX
This bill has been ruining my credit for years and I did n't know it.
I have never received a bill from XXXX indicating a balance due. 
XXXX.
I later received an additional 3 months whereby I specifically asked Chase Bank representatives if this was truly how it works and was reassured that no payment would be necessary for these 6 months, they would be added to the end of my 30-yr loan or at the time the house is sold, whichever comes first. 


Not a real school.   
On XX/XX/XXXX, I notified Equifax with this new information and dispute evidence.
The following personal information is incorrect Account Number : EMPLOYER : XX/XX/XXXX XXXX.
Hopefully u could help please because I really dont think is fair
On these subscribers that are reporting the affixed information, I am requesting full validation such as, original transfer rights to collect, confirmation of legal timeline to report on credit and/or collection procedures, validation of licensing requirements, posted bonding requirements, oversight on monthly payment histories, proper subscriber agreement compliance with credit reporting agencies, and overall compliance with all Fair Credit Reporting Act and Fair Debt Collection Practices Act bylaws as mandated by federal laws.
I have filed a dispute in regards to the incorrect items on my credit report.
Said contract or agreement must be with the original creditor and signed by all parties involved.
In XXXX, XXXX, I entered a written dispute with XXXXXXXX XXXX XXXX XXXXXXXX XXXX account number XXXX ( balance reported - {$11000.00} ) as contained on my consumer credit profile at Equifax, XXXX and XXXX XXXX.
15 U.S.C 1681 section 604 A Section 2 : Also states a consumer reporting agency can not furnish an account without my written instructions.


After following the instructions on how to pay off the loan in full ( provided to me through the banking app )
I have filed so many complaints with CFPB as you all probably can see.
They have refused my payments and my house is schedule for a sheriff sale.
I printed it out and mailed it mid XX/XX/XXXX and they received it XX/XX/XXXX.
I called XXXX XXXX credit, advised of the entire situation.
n i made this clear for 60 days straight with XXXX i spoke to a representative agent name XXXX and XXXX and XXXX from the fraud department I prefer to speak to a us rept but they refused they had me on mute for 4 hours which was hurtful I have a perfect repayment record.
I have sent non response letters to both XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX and Experian regarding this debt.
In accordance with the Fair Credit Reporting act.
for almost the last 5 yrs.
XXXX on repeated occasions billed the XXXX XXXX card without my permission.
XXXX never disclosed the total dollar amount that she was charging my American Express Card.
Do you believe that? ).
My on-line application was approved on the same date.
Used XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX.
I have very low credit utilization.
The following account are not mine I cant find any contracts for business with this company I have never done business with FEDERAL ADJUSTMENT BUREAU COMPANY ( FABCO ) there is a account entry XXXX Pursuant to the Fair Debt Collection Practices Act ( FDCPA ) 15 U.S.C.169g, I dispute the validity of the debt.
I contacted consumer adjustment and told them the account doesnt exist.
Making their finance charges and late fees very suspicious for fraud.


Further, I am requesting that XXXX remove these charges from my account as per government mandated statute of limitations and consumer protections laws. 

15 U.S.C. 1666B :
Based on the agreement secured by California XXXX XXXX  with several financial institutions and Bayview Loan Servicing 's decision to participate in the program, I should be included in the forbearance program, and NOT receiving harassing collection calls from Bayview Loan Servicing.
Sent payment XX/XX/21.
After which Midland threatened me verbally that the deal we made was off.
See S. Rep. No. 93-1183, at 79, reprinted in Source Book at 232, https : //www.justice.gov/opcl/paoverview_sourcebook ; OMB 1975 Guidelines, 40 Fed.
The accounts are not showing in dispute nor are they removed from my report.
XXXX, XXXX XXXX SOC SEC # XXXX DOB XX/XX/1987 ADDRESS XXXX XXXX XXXX, XXXX, FL XXXX I C SYSTEM INC XXXX
I have consistently maintained a balance of about $ XXXX, and, as such have missed out on thousands of dollars in interest.
I do not owe this bill and I am continually being harassed by both XXXX XXXX XXXX and their collection agency Medical Revenue Services.
I never authorized or given permission for this to be reporting.
I had told them at least five times I couldn't do that ...
I never received the email I called 4 days later and was told someone would call me back.
So I 'm coming to you as a natural person not no US CITIZEN but original human to please clear my record clean an free from all neccesaties on my credit report making me drown in slave debt
I did not hear anything from them until today, the XXXX, when I was informed that my application was declined.
I also request that you please send notices of corrections to anyone who received my credit report in the past six months. 


These items listed a.re not mine and need to be deleted from my credit report.
They are very unresponsive and sometimes they hang up the phone when you call them.
This is devastating!
Is n't this fraud? 


Therefore, Equifax has not complied with the Fair Credit Reporting Act, XXXX XXXX Sections XXXX within the time permitted by law and continuously reporting on my Credit Report.
If such notice from the consumer is made by mail, notification shall be complete upon receipt. 




That was when I told them I would report them to XXXX if they did n't stop calling me multiple times a day.
This has been ongoing for over FIVE YEARS.
We provided them with the following : " Per a phone call from Escalation Specialist,  XXXX , we have now been requested by Freedom Mortgage to provide our own feedback in regards to the Appraisal.
It appears that my credit with you has been compromised.
The list of accounts below has violated my federally protected consumer rights to privacy and confidentiality under 15 USC 1681. 

I also called XXXX and XXXX XXXX customer service to assist me in canceling the gift cards, however they said the cards had {$0.00} balance.
that's less then {$100.00} a month.
He told me he spoke to XXXX XXXX and the reason she didn't setup the account is because the mailing address of the business was at a XXXX store.
XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX, TX XXXX APARTMENT COMPLEX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX, TX XXXX SINGLE FAMILY XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX, TX XXXX SINGLE FAMILY Year of Birth XXXX XXXX  Account NumberXXXX Account TypeAuto Loan ResponsibilityIndividual Date OpenedXX/XX/XXXX StatusOpen. 

I noticed there was a phone number on their website ; however, it is for only questions that can be responded to with an automated response.
What a joke!
AND I MENTIONED THIS TO THE LADY AT THE BANK OF OKLAHOMA AND SHE DID NOT THINK OF ANY THING MORE BUT WAS HAPPY TO FINNISH OPENING MY ACCOUNT.
Transunion is reporting to XXXX the following which is incorrect and resulting in higher rates : -Credit history is too short.
I have demanded a reinvestigation into all these items and Experian refuses to do such coming back and saying that the items are " verified ''.
The name of the creditor is an acronym.
Bankruptcy XXXX - case number is incorrect, liabilities, asset amount, and exempt amount are unlisted and represented by a dash ( - ) making the listing incomplete.
I have divided my balance less the late fees into two payments of {$150.00} each and will be closing this loan.
XXXX XXXX told me that I had no choice but to make a payment to settle both of those business accounts listed only in efforts to solve this issue but now after I paid them in XXXX of 2022, they told me that they will keep this on my report for 7 years anyway even though the accounts belong to a business and they do not have a contract signed by me for these accounts. 

On XX/XX/XXXX at XXXX XXXX, I received an e-mail from XXXX XXXX that my order was picked up.
I don't want my credit ruined when I'm not doing anything wrong.
On XXXX/XXXX/15 TCF Bank reordered my transactions and added an additional {$19.00} Check Printing fee to make my account overdrawn by - {$2.00}.
Is n't ruining my credit for the last 24 years enough along with the stress this puts me under for a debt that was my ex- husband 's? 

Not its not due until XX/XX/XXXX, and THEY STILL reported me late for their error.
I want chase to return my annual fees and compensate me by reopening my accounts.
They read me the above email and stated that was all the information they had.
For two months i did not see any statements on paper or email from PNC, during that two month time frame after i payed my balances due on my account PNC added a XXXX interest charge to my card.
I am requesting that the credit reporting agencies promptly remove/delete these addresses they are not accurate : XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX, OH  
Today I called in to check my results the date is XX/XX/XXXX.
It has been over 60 days so they should be deleted promptly.
I havent give these accounts written permission to furnish these account on my credit report 15U.S.C 1681 ( A ) 4 states there is a need to insure that consumer reporting agency exercise their grave responsibility with fairness impartiality and a respect for the consumers right to privacy.
System error and I would see the credit on my next bill.
Medical bill paid by my medical insurance.
Also my consumer report should never contain any experiences made between the consumer and the person making the report.
The last payment was due XX/XX/XXXX ( XX/XX/XXXX ).
I am writing this due to non-compliance with the ( XXXX, Experian, XXXX ).
XXXX XXXX and experian have dropped my fios score by 8 points I have never had a late payment, balances have been reduced was 138 now 130, no new inquires, tried to reach all 3 with disputes, all will not answer, hing changed in my credit report, please help
I need these accounts deleted or updated.
This company continues to apply my monthly mortgage payment of PITI to just principal.
If I 'm not able to make the XXXX XXXX payment, the late cycle will continue.
XXXX XXXX Account Number :
I advised that I did not want the account to show as " settled '' and asked if there was a way to have the " charge off '' status removed entirely.
I Got a letter from my bank ( XXXX ) Verifying that I was never late and always paid as agreed.
Mail Identity Theft.


I was able to block my credit report before the third was attempted on XX/XX/XXXX.
These are Virginia telephone numbers.
After a long dispute regarding my payment history and them saying that I was n't making my monthly mortgage payments, I obtained the services of XXXX and was able to get my mortgage and interest rate reduced based on a trial modification period.
I made 2 times payment of {$650.00} to Regions Bank by phone.
It was not opened by me or authorized by me at all and i need to get this inaccurate information off my credit report.
However, I just received another call today ( XX/XX/2020 ) from XXXX at XXXX MST from a gentleman claiming to be with Freedom Mortgage, again asking me if I've had a chance to review their offer of a lower interest rate on my mortgage. 


Calls and letter about this account daily on a balance that was paid in full and doesnt belong to me please remove from credit report
XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXXXXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX
THSES ACCOUNTS ARE HURTING MY CERDIT SCORE
I was denied a rental car because of my Transunion auto insurance score.
All future communications with me MUST be done in writing and sent to the address noted in this letter by USPS.


The historic address was listed as my current physical address.
I recieved a called from Hunter Warfield claim to be a collection Company.
They also claim that I did not pay property tax.
The CRA are reporting inaccurate information for the account XXXX XXXX XXXX.
( 4 ) Fee for an investigation or credit report.


The part of my consumer reports where it lists the company 's information who has reported various items on my reports is all over the place.
Ps : The attached file contains the screen shot of my account with Carrington being current and up to date. 


The input fields pertaining to MTM and principle reduction are shown on the chart and labeled as " null '' which are inconsistent with a DOJ MTM NPV run.
The only thing that could be done is stop payment on future transactions and open a claim ticket to be investigated by Regulation E. 

Then, they were supposed to refund me my overpayment
Also, during this validation period, if any action is taken which could be considered detrimental to any of my credit reports, I will consult with my legal counsel for suit. 

I called the service says i owe {$83.00} by XXXX XXXX.
went on XXXX to open a XXXX XXXX account with an advertisement that showed a bonus reward for depositing so much money into the account.
This is the number to the church.
It has now been 30+ Days and I have not yet received a reply.
The following account is not mine XXXX XXXX XXXX Account Number : XXXX 3.
I take great pride in my credit and worked hard for the XXXX score I have maintained and I will not allow this company to fraudulently ruin my score.
I demand to see Verifiable Proof ( an original Consumer Contract with my Signature on it )
She told me she would escalate the matter and I would be contacted within XXXX hours.
Its rules cover how a consumer 's credit information is obtained, how long it is kept, and how it is shared with othersincluding consumers themselves. 


We do not have the funds to move 20+ years of stuff, nor time to do so, at this accelerated process.
account as in XXXX XXXX XXXX, EVP sent the following message at XXXX PM View XXXX  profileXXXX XXXX, XXXX XXXX XXXX, XXXX XXXX PM Reread my message.
On XX/XX/XXXX my company transferred me to the state of XXXX from XXXX.
on XX/XX/XXXX I spoke with XXXX again and told her I was unable to adhere to that arrangement and that I would not be able to pay my XX/XX/XXXX mortgage payment until XX/XX/XXXX.
From XX/XX/XXXX to present, they have called repeatedly after I requested them to stop calling.
I was able to provided emailed requests to set up cancellation and cancel the service.
I called up customer service and immediate production manager regarding the issues and he promised to refund the amount. 


Then comes XXXX XXXX  XXXX  who I have already filed an Attorney General Complaint for they were to handle the business end of things and marketing over a weeks time from XXXX I am charged various charges totaling {$9800.00}.
I recently discovered through my new monitoring service this account being reported I made efforts to remove this account from my file as the amount of {$430.00} does not belong to me.
They never respond to any question and they are an embarrassment for our society.
I have applied for a loan modification or loan deferment on my mortgage as my income has been impacted by COVID19 on XX/XX/XXXX with Select Portfolio Servicing Inc. 


They refused to consider my wife 's ( and co-applicant ) salary to qualify us for the loan.
I was told that I had to pay a fee that would not be applied to my loan balance.
Form 56 /2848 for right of POA and fiduciary responsibility over the account.
The offer was very vague and my wife & I had to ask several questions.
Today I couldn't wait for another day it is over 45 days since I mailed them about it but still no response at all.
These inaccuracies are causing creditors to deny me credit.
I also requested Discover Financial Services to provide copies of their 1096 tax form, their 1099-OID, their INC and their PRC in reference to the account.
1681 XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX...
I was looking over my credit file and I found out that I have a few fraudulent accounts reporting the I never opened up.
Around this time I received a voicemail back from XXXX in the Chase Executive Office saying that he had reviewed my case and would suggest that I pursue the case as a civil matter, asking the perpetrator to make restitution for the fraudulent charges.
Why does the bank refuse to cooperate in prosecuting credit card fraud?
I was never 30 days late XX/XX/XXXX, XX/XX/XXXX
We are VERY frustrated  Freedom 's  lack of communication and incorrect information.     
When we told him that the Purchase Option price did not seem right, he angrily said This is NOT NEGOTIABLE and if you do not like it, you can leave now.
As a federally protected consumer, I am aware that communications the conveying of information regarding a debt directly or indirectly to any person through any medium according to the FDCPA.
Some accounts where doubled and had different account numbers.
My loan number is XXXX.
I have paid several  XXXX  dollars in interest in the past  XXXX  years and am not able to keep up with the growing interest, or pay back a significant amount of the principal.     
My Equifax credit report dated XX/XX/XXXX shows the entry was deleted based on my letter.
PINNACLE has intruded into my ( the Consumer 's ) Private Non-Public information which is called IDENTITY THEFT Pursuant to 16CFR603.2 and this is a Felony punishable by law.
15 U.S.C. 1681s-2 ( A ) ( 1 )
I called again ( on XX/XX/2022 ), after finally getting to a XXXX in the fraud department which took another hour, I was told that the representative I spoke to in my first call didn't actually file a fraud claim and instead listed my call as a lost card.
XXXX claims that XXXX has recanted and now admit that I was a client during that frame and accepted responsibility.
I paid it and then found out your company turned in payments as being late to the credit bureau x 2 months while they were so called reviewing it.
My credit is perfect except for this one account that truly was not my fault.
I modified my loan with XXXX in 2009. 

The listed item is entirely inaccurate and incomplete and represents a very serious error in your reporting.
This is despite our repeated documentation of over ample funds in our retirement accounts and steady monthly withdrawals. 


Their loyalty seems to be geared more towards the creditor than towards the consumer and that isn't fair at all.
AT EQUIFAX I WAS TOLD THEY DO NOT FOLLOW THIS LAW AND IT WOULD STAY ON AND
They have been consistently doing this.
Which is my gesture of appreciation.15USC1605 sum of all charges. 


WHAT!
No documents were provided showing a contract or signature.
There stating you must have XXXX.
I immediately contacted the Citibank to send an adjustments to the wire, but my request was not processed.
I can seek the vehicle quickly and get them their money quickly but they dont want to help by getting me a simple payoff letter.
I was told at the branch level that regardless of my account being in excellent standing, that I was basically " out of luck ''.
Supported by email of XX/XX/XXXX from SR.
I have enclosed a copy of my Identity Theft Report and a copy of section 605B of the Fair Credit Reporting Act, which details your responsibility to block fraudulent information on my credit report resulting from identity theft FCRA 605b ( a ).
This is my data and my right to use it as I see fit in apps of my choice.
There are also a student loan on my credit and Im confused on how this is so because I dont even have a high school diploma.
I made a payment of {$550.00} on XX/XX/XXXX, but was unable to continue payments for the following months for the reasons stated above.
I have even wrote the corporate office and have yet to receive ANYTHING!
In the month of XX/XX/XXXX my employer XXXX was involved in Hurricane Florence.
I was a XXXX customer for XXXX years.
XXXX XXXX, FL, XXXX ), Discharge of debtor, Trustee 's quitclaim deed/ sold rental property, Bank Statements , old Account # and new Account #. 

On XX/XX/XXXX, I decided to pay off my student loan of {$23000.00}.
When I reinvestigated my credit report, I realized that the same accounts was still erroneous.
The card was never late and the account was paid in full.
multiple times and chase has all ways replaced my debit card, and never closed my account and opened a new one.
in XX/XX/XXXX I became delinquent on my mortgage.
I want an answer immediately.
( c ) Action by creditor to collect amount or any part thereof regarded by obligor to be a billing error For the purposes of this section, action to collect the amount, or any part thereof, indicated by an obligor under paragraph ( 2 ) does not include the sending of statements of account, which may include finance charges on amounts in dispute, to the obligor following written notice from the obligor as specified under subsection ( a ), if ( 1 ) the obligors account is not restricted or closed because of the failure of the obligor to pay the amount indicated under paragraph ( 2 ) of subsection ( a ), and ( 2 ) the creditor indicates the payment of such amount is not required pending the creditors compliance with this section. 

The below information in my credit profile is having damaging effects on my credit standing.
What formal training was provided to this employee to investigate items of this kind?
I consider this XXXX and XXXX discrimination.
PLEASE HELP ...
No investigation was conducted at all.
EVERY TIME I CALL, WRITE OR DISPUTE WITH THE CREDIT BUREAUS THEY JUST LEAVE THE SAME THING
Additionally, please provide the name, address, and telephone number of each person who personally verified this alleged account, so that I can inquire about how they " verified '' without providing any proof, bearing my signature. 

( a ) ( 5 ) Section States : no consumer reporting agency may make any consumer report containing any of the following items of information Any other adverse item of information, other than records of convictions of crimes which antedates the report by more than seven years.


I would like BOA to reimburse me and to re-open my my credit card and restore the line of credit I had achieved on all my BOA credit cards.
and I was a loyal Citibank customer for approximately three years.
I would also like to request, in writing, that no telephone  contact be made by your company to my home or my place of employment.
XXXX, whom I spoke to on XX/XX/2017 who was extremely rude and refused to escalate the phone call, advised that 7 credit cards over a span of 24 months is a risk.
On XX/XX/2020 at XXXX XXXX, I spoke with your agent XXXX.
In the attempt of having the company remove this account due to their inability to provide validation of me owing this company, they have constantly sent a bill from XXXX with my name on it which is against the law according to the FDCPA ( 809.
I have filed an EEO complaint against my supervisor and he has not returned numerous calls from XXXX XXXX. 


I requested that the Capital One manager contact XXXX and ask them to return to sender.
11.
XXXX XXXX XXXX told me they have reported this account paid in full " twice '' in the month of XX/XX/XXXX and EQUIFAX wo n't remove it off my credit profile so my credit scores will be raised higher for both the months of XXXX and XX/XX/XXXX.
( Please see page attached from my credit report. )
Hi I am submitting this XXXX XXXX XXXX without any influence and this is not a third party.
Therefore, you have no right to maintain information which the government has deemed nonexistent. 


I thought they were helpful but nothing has been done. 

I had an account with XXXX XXXX  in XXXX XXXX Louisiana that was open in XXXX and it was closed in XXXX and paid off .. just over the year I all of a sudden have late payments showing up in XXXX for this account when It never was reported for being late on this account even before.
I requested multiple time for verification that I was being placed on the forbearance program and that Bayview Loan Servicing will not attempt to file a Notice of Default ( NOD ) or proceed with any foreclosure procedures.
I only authorized 1 payment of {$300.00} for my XXXX car payment with Ally.
For purposes of this subsection, if a consumer reporting agency rescinds a block, the presence of information in the file of a consumer prior to the blocking of such information is not evidence of whether the consumer knew or should have known that the consumer obtained possession of any goods, services, or money as a result of the block.
Please have them remove this collection account immediately.
1=Collection Bureau 2=XXXX XXXX XXXX 3=XXXX 3=XXXX XXXX XXXX
I have no knowledge of ever receiving any proven or document facts in statement of account or account aspects for these items of alleged debt and delinquent actions.
If any other overdraft charges accumulated then you are stuck with high interest continuing to build until the account is closed.
No one has ever followed up with me, regardless of the multiple promises, I have been the one to call every other day for an update.
During the negotiation and contract agreement, I was told the options of repayments and the services that they provided, which included loan consolidation, refinance, and payment extensions.
My mortgage agent requested all outstanding conditions, and I provided in timely manner.
I would like to at least get enough money returned to close out my bank accounts, as they are both overdrawn.
I told him of my previous conversations and he agreed with the strategy of putting enough in the following day to cover the ACH transactions ( but not the {$2300.00} of provisional credit reversal ). 

When I tried to log in to my mobile banking a pop-up appeared for me to call a chase phone number.
When I investigated my credit report, I realized that some of the information was erroneous.
I believe that PayPal is in violation of the Federal guidelines on how to protect consumers from fraud, and that they even seem to be encouraging this type of behavior from fraudulent sellers. 


I have tried to dispute my XXXX payment that was reflecting in the system for over a year now.
I attached the companies response below.
It is listed as a loan which is inaccurate.
Ask them what evidence or information they had to provide me with an order to show that this was my account or my claim and they can not find me with anything I 'd like to make a complaint against Equifax as I do not have any justification as to why this is on my credit bureau.
Now I'm looking for an option to sue PayPal for this XXXX XXXX and not taking responsibility to cover buyer protection!!
You and your inaccurate reporting have damaged my livelihood. 


15 U.S.C 1681 Section 604 A. Section 2 : it also states that a consumer reporting agency can not furnish an account without my written instructions.
A formal complaint through Chase was filed and a local branch manager also worked through the corporate chain to file a complaint to help me recover the funds.
I do not have a last name.
I have tried to directly fix this with Experian to no avail.
I do not agree to the validity of the debt and the notice had a multitude of violations.
Meanwhile the same day they took the funds out of her account and have fully verified the check.
The XXXX Credit Bureau chose not to investigate and chose to continue reporting fraudulent practices.
These entries should and shall be removed. 


I was awarded ( and have the award letter and ALL correspondence to prove everything I am stating ) {$15000.00} ( maybe {$18000.00} ) via this programs.
Validation of the debt ( i.e. the actual accounting showing <house of XXXX :
XXXX AM i want all of my XXXX from SSA and my XXXX dollars from my finicial aid back by 2 days if not ur going to be pressed charges with felony ones View XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX )
XXXX XXXX used vehicle loan open in XXXX went in to chapter XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX tagged my experian report with 24 late payments when they knew the trustee was paying under my plan they knew these late pays were false when they entered them they need to be made to remove them immediately entries were made during XXXX and my chapter XXXX XXXX just discharged XX/XX/XXXX they legally could not report anything negative then the bankruptcy
Have you disputed the issue with the credit reporting company and received a final response?
So, I know for a fact that these things showing on my report do not belong to me.
( see attachments below! 

Target is sending some sort of paperwork they want me to fill out and return but I will have to see what it entails.
The card was issued in XXXX of 2015.
I sent email to support and got an automated response for ticket XXXX. 

but I believe, upon investigation, XXXX will discover there are countless consumers affected similarly by this company. 


Hello, I am writing in order to complain about the incorrect information that is reporting in my credit report.
I was signed up for PayPal Credit without knowing it and assumed that purchases were directly charged to my credit card.
There is no reason for me to fill out the application again for the Income Driven Repayment Plan, that is still valid from XXXX.
Two weeks after the XX/XX/XXXX closing, we accepted that Quicken Loans was not working on the transfer issue.
XXXX.Please Help!!!
That is confusing, so clearly I was right the first time, and I am addressing it in this complaint.
I called in, requesting a payment plan to make the loan current and catch it up and even pay it off.
15 U.S.C.1681s-2 ( A ) ( 1 )
Its astonishing they have a license to operate.
On XXXX/XXXX/XXXX, XXXX/XXXX/XXXX, XXXX/XXXX/XXXX, XXXX/XXXX/XXXX and XXXX/XXXX/XXXX, XXXX # XXXX was notified of your disputes.
SENT YOU NUMEROUS LETTERS INFORMING THERE
I was first made aware of XXXX debt when I was in the process of refinancing I. XXXX of XXXX I sent a 623 letter to all 3 credit bureaus requesting proof of debt.
On XX/XX/XXXX I received the same generic letter from Rent Recovery Solutions LLC and on XX/XX/XXXX the company submitted an update to XXXX that the balance was still unpaid for a total amount of {$4300.00}.
I sent out dispute letters XX/XX/XXXX to both XXXX  and Experian.
Confirmed with the representative that they had the incorrect address.
I have no contract with XXXX XXXX XXXXXXXX
On XXXX of 2018 I received a text message alerting me that 2 fraudulent charges were charged to my account.
I was not in school at this time and they keep verifying account with credit reporting agencies.
Without inspecting, they appraised my home at {$310000.00}.
It also states a consumer reporting agency can not furnish a account without my written instructions
It is 100 % their fault, nothing the Customer can fx. 

I wanted to close my Capital One Account in   XXXX   2017.
I reported this lost/stolen immediately after discovering it, well within the time frame and therefore I should not have been held liable.
Section 623 ( a ) ( 9 ).
I deny nothing, yet I reserve the right to question any unproven claim.
My wife and I have also financed and paid off cars through this company with no delinquency.
A Section 2 : It also states a consumer reporting agency can not furnish an account without my written instructions 9 _
I need your agency to investigate this matter due that Macys is on purpose and knowingly hurting the most important tool a person could have to keep and maintain good credit scores in order to receive good rates in any service that the credit report is required, including employment.
While checking my credit report, I notice an account from WELLS FARGO DEALER SVC that I believe is not being reported correctly on my credit report.
XXXX XXXX XXXX, NY XXXX, I have since paid this off in XXXX 2015, they refuse to file a satisfaction of judgment with the XXXX County Clerk, after many requests, calls etc to do so.
Never had any correspondence with the instructors or attended any classes5.
On XX/XX/XXXX of 2018, i received a denial letter stating that my account had been denied because i have too much equity in my property.
That is a huge difference.
On or about XXXX hours on XXXX XX/XX/XXXX, I arrived at your XXXX PNC Bank XXXX at XXXX XXXX XXXX, XXXX XXXX XXXX.
The representative could not explain why overdraft fees were charged, that made any sense to me even after explaining everything I stated above and she began speaking over me while I was talking.
We have a VA loan and this is how they treat military personnel.
XXXX Monthly payment {$0.00} Recent payment amount Not reported Date of status XX/XX/2022 First reported XX/XX/2022 Responsibility Individual *
you are required to remove/block any items or information not later than 4 business days after I sent the letters.
I found out the money was returned by looking at my online account and noticed my account closed.
They tell me it is XXXX credit card
and I have not received a response. 


The payment was never received by Shellpoint.
Please investigate these accounts and inquires and update these accounts accordingly to avoid future litigation.
I shouldnt have to pay for a bill that I had insurance
In accordance with Fair Credit Reporting Act XXXX XXXX XXXX Acct.
I want to know what Experian considers a " later date '' to reconnect my bank account.
Navient would not offer me any re-payment options that I can afford.
The complaint was filed XXXX and temporarily they took off {$240.00} dollars from the amount after they said they was not responsible department more lies.
XXXX : Called to set up payment for a week later than previous discussed and was told I could not due that after being told I could set up a different payment arrangement with my husband.
Requesting location information from a family member saying i owe such debt - 15 usc 1692b ( 5 ) Using a symbol to indicate to the consumer that the debt collector is in the debt collection business - 15 usc 1692c ( a ) ( 1 ) calling the consumer at an unusual time or place - 15 usc 1692c ( a ) ( 3 ) calling at the consumers work place when it is prohibited to recieve such communication.


27.
I urge the federal government start a full-scale audit/investigation on Jefferson Capital Systems LLCs practices including looking into all cases won by default judgment across the nation and prosecute all individuals in this operation that helped in any way to get any illegal judgment.
SHE TOLD SHE DON'T KNOW. 


***** ( FRAUDULENT ADDRESSES )
I want to settle this issue immediately.
XXXX XXXX ( inquiry date XX/XX/XXXX ) 15 USC 1681 Section 602 A states that I have the right to privacy.


They claim that I owe the money for damages done to an apartment in which I lived in 2012.
BoA notified me they would not bill me for force placed insurance.
They have ignored my request to provide me with the documents that their company has on file that was used to verify information on my account with Credito Real Finance USA FKA AFS Acceptance LLC Account #.
This year XXXX has been unable to accurately service my loans.
When I contacted Navient and explain my concern and my inability to pay the high monthly rates they suggested the better option to keep my loans in good standing in forbearance.
I mailed them directly disputing this in which they never responded and never reported the account being in dispute.
NO IDEA AS TO HOW MY PERSONAL INFORMATION WAS OBTAINED BY THIS INDIVIDUAL TO BE ABLE TO DO SUCH A THING TO MY CREDIT FILE.
My argument is that I did not authorize these inquires by any means and again please remove the following inquiries. 

1 )
Also there is a genetleman that owns the company that they try to hide his same is XXXX XXXX, he is also the same guy the does be XXXX XXXX in a company called XXXX and XXXX and XXXX XXXX.
I was told by a representative at Capital One that " there's nothing I could do to earn credit or change the status of my defaulted account to reflect that I paid the collections agency ''. 


I have never owned a vehicle with the licensed plates XXXX ( TX ) Account Number : XXXX XXXX :
I hereby request you to do the below -mentioned things, XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX DELETE THESE ACCOUNT OFF MY REPORT AND VALIDATE THE DEBT 15 USC 1692G ( 4 ) If you accept my request, i will not escalate this matter to Federal Court.
I thought it was fair for both sides, and saves us both a lot of time and money.
On   XXXX   XXXX   XXXX    , I pulled my credit report as part of annual review.
We have written email documentation of all conversations and claims with exception to those noted specifically as phone conversations - I would also like to note that the VU lending agents requested and made contact from their cell phones, I suspect to avoid audio recording and " paper '' trails.
Thank you, I look forward to resolving this expeditiously
I 've called  XXXX  and they always disconnect the line.  
This is in clear violation of my rights.
View XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX ( He/Him ) XXXX PM
It has been well past that time frame
Again, I was going through my records & noticed many items which do not belong to me.
item, and insist on ask Message reply.
Case referance nr : XXXX
I received my reinvestigation back from Experian, XXXX and XXXX regarding this account : XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX ACCT # : XXXX.
The associate promises a return call.
But the Discover customer service agent on Friday XX/XX/XXXX said they had a policy of not disallowing a merchant to go ahead and continue to use my card.
And still nothing.
Where is their ethics and credibility as a company.
He then requested for me to hold and went to check for a supervisor.
I open the envelope and it ask for me to call DiTech.
This is the second time the account has been placed on my record, even after the issue was previously resolved through the CFPB in  XXXX .    
I have no knowledge of ever receiving any proven or document facts in statement of account or account aspects for these items of alleged debt and delinquent actions.
Today XXXX XX/XX/XXXX )
Dont even know where to start.
Credit Collection Services is showing on my credit stating I owe progressive {$600.00} but I paid that to XXXX.
First thing I do is call my insurance, XXXX XXXX.
The lady at XXXX said if I didn't pay the $ XXXX+ regardless if it was wrong then they would turn me over to outside collections.
The loan was then deposited into my account and now Chase has a hold and a block on my account Stating I needed a business account to get this loan
I should have shown XXXX- initially years ago I set up auto pay to take out the min due.
The first time it was re-instated because of an Capital One error that your team acknowledged. 


Right after I spent {$500.00} and earned the XXXX points, I received a letter from the credit card company stating they decided to close my account.
I told XXXX that based on the results online, it didn't appear to be beneficial to refinance as all the options were more expensive than my current situation.
I wrote a check to XXXX XXXX.
Its still there and the bank agents just give me run arounds and escalate that goes nowhere.
I did not receive a statement from Comenity Bank until XX/XX/XXXX.
It 's NOW XX/XX/XXXX and I still have not had any progress with Carrington mortgage to resolve my issue.
To Whom it May Concern, We are almost exactly a year into a catastrophic pandemic where over 500,000 Americans have died of Covid-19.
( A plaintiff whose permanent resident status had been revoked is not an individual for the purposes of the Privacy Act....
I called and was given an OFAC disclosure and told to wait 2-3 business days so that the bank could review to determine whether it was a false positive. 


.I spoke with 2 separate agents that stated and I QUOTE 'EQUIFAX DOESN'T FOLLOW
He made a phone call, asked me a number of questions and I answered them.
It's about {$300.00}.
In accordance with the Fair Credit Reporting act XXXX XXXX # XXXX, has violated my rights. 


However, as of XX/XX/XXXX each of the loans now had 26 payments counted toward the PSLF program, even though the letter was to certify 4 more payments toward the program.
I called customer service and wanted an answer.
This account does not belong to me.
They are not following the requirements outlined in the FCRA at all.
The only method of reaching the Serve Card Team is by Phone to XXXX which connects me to the XXXX, Account Protection Service.
They sent us a letter saying that if we made XXXX payments of {$500.00} plus dollars they would take a look at the modification for reinstatement.
In accordance with the Fair Credit Reporting act they violated my rights. 

I paid, adn my e-paymetn wasn't posted until XX/XX/XXXX.
Then my bank took all my written evidence and saw the saved messages from he scammer and phone calls on my cell phone saved for evidence including police report.
The drivers license on most of the claims are from a family member.
The school did not process my request until a day or two later which caused the drop to pass deadline date.
On XX/XX/XXXX, they sent me a letter in the mail saying that the dispute is resolved in my favor and the credit is now permanent.


I have been disputing these since XX/XX/XXXX - Account Name : XXXX XXXX XXXX  Account Number : XXXX Reason :
I believe these agencies need to validate this alleged debt in writing by supplying the original loan agreement, contract, etc. under FDCPA 809 ( b ).
This statement held true until a couple weeks ago -- Mr Cooper has unexpectantly raised our monthly payment from {$1000.00} to {$3800.00} effective XX/XX/2019!
In accordance with the fair credit Reporting act, The list of account below has violated my federally protected consumer right to privacy and confidentiality under 15 u.s.c.
OnXX/XX/XXXX I  received a phone call from Bank of America, although I missed the call the representative left me a voice mail stating that Bank of America wanted to discuss details in regards to my claims, and left a reference number.
XXXX in the subject line.
This is my XXXX attempt to notify you that I am a victim of identity theft and I write to dispute certain accounts in my file resulting from the crime.
I had a derogatory mark on my credit report from XXXX XXXX XXXX  for {$380.00}.
I went ahead and updated my address verbally with the customer service agent at this time to make sure I got all future correspondence.
You have 11 Inquiries Inquirer Name XXXX XXXX XXXX  XX/XX/XXXX XX/XX/XXXX Bank Credit Cards XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX, DE XXXX
I am attempting to place a security freeze with TransUnion and they refuse to process it, either online or over the phone.
I have been turned down for a credit due to mis-reporting information, I have found inaccuracies that should be immediately investigated.
Now months after the lease was paid off early I receive a notice from equifax XXXX reported me 30 days late in XX/XX/2016, 90 days late in XX/XX/2016 and 180days late from XX/XX/2016 through XX/XX/2016 when I made my final two payments early. 


The woman in the bank portion told me that they did not have such letter but then stated she reworded another form and would send it to me in my message box on the USAA website.



That is a huge difference.
At the time my account was in Good Standing was a credit of approximately {$900.00}.
They said it 's likely a payday loan.
We have made the same payment every month that we have for the last 3 years but since Green Tree raised our interest rate they are now harassing us saying we are late on payments.
The Fair Credit Reporting Act 15 USC 1681 Section 602 8 states I have the right to privacy ; 15 USC 1681 Section 604 a Section 2 also states that a consumer reporting agency can not furnish anyone information on your account information without my written instructions.
Experian.
They ignore my requests to be contacted via email.
I was under the impression that this was the correct thing to do, and in 2015 I have consistent records showing a payment to my credit card every month.
He stated to me that by law XXXX XXXX had to write the balance off since it was an emergency XXXX.
XX/XX/2017 is my last correspondence with your company.
I check my credit report and notice some things that does not belong to me.
I spoke to a XXXX with ilendingdirect.com reassured me that no credit pulled for checking rates.
On XX/XX/2019, XXXX in the fraud dept.
XXXX XXXX XX/XX/XXXX XXXXXXXX XXXX  ADDRESS : XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX NJ XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX, NJ XXXXXXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXXXXXX, CT XXXX Inquiries : XXXX XXXX XXXXXXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX
There is no right for citi to charge me any interest.
CRA locked me out from accessing my free online report to dispute, unless I provide with a government ID with Photo, specifically a Drivers license and Electric Bill that does not appear on my credit report.
15 U.S.C 1681 Section 604
I received a response back from XXXX XXXX.
They are so irresponsible that they have to have a CFPB rep sit in on their meetings to make sure they are doing the right thing.
They called when I had a medical need and I could not talk.
XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX 2.
XXXX record locator XXXX.
They just keep jerking me around!
In addition they said my taxes were more than double of what my taxes actually are.
Im attaching the required FTC Report for you ( which complies with FCRA Section 603 ( q ) ( 4 ) which states ( 4 ) The term " identity theft report '' has the meaning given that term by rule of the Bureau, and means, at a minimum, a report ( A ) That alleges an identity theft ; ) ( B )
I am requesting that the items be removed to correct the information. 


None of that was done!
I have submitted that to all credit reporting agencies and all but XXXX has removed it.
Since then I made monthly money order payments.
Through THE CARES ACT, FEDLOANS 'PLACED THE [ MY ] LOANS IDENTIFIED XXXX e.g. XXXX # XXXX ]
The account said " Fraud Suspended '' and could not access the transaction history.
I need you to investigate the following accounts you claim to be accurate on my credit file XXXX XXXX XX/XX/XXXX AXXXX XXXX XXXXXX/XX/XXXXXXXX XXXX XXXX XX/XX/XXXXXXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XX/XX/XXXXXXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX
I currently have XXXX commercial vehicle for an employee.
This is customer abuse.
( XXXX ) XXXX.
XXXX advised she would send all necessary communication on her end in order to put the foreclosure on hold & advised someone from XXXX would be in touch Monday XX/XX/XXXX.
It is now XX/XX/XXXX and I have yet to hear from anyone. 

They refresh every month adding new fees.
Staples published a payment address of " XXXX AZ XXXX '' on our monthly statement which we referenced with our bank for bill payment checks. 


Account Name : XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX Account Number : XXXX  15 u.s.c 1681 SECTION 602 a. States I have the right to privacy.


ACE also never provided a clear explanation as to why I am denied and pre-approved at the same time.
she said she could see that we had attempted to get money, she could see that it was declined, she see that no money was given.
When I repeatedly called Carrington to find out what was causing the delay and to identify payment arrangements, I was told that they were " running behind '' and that paperwork would be mailed our shortly.
Please do n't respond to my request by saying that these accounts have been verified.
So I was naturally curious to discover the problem and resolve it as best as possible. 


They have not paid the hazard insurance.
Checked my credit file.
We refinced with BMO Harris in XXXX time frame 2021.
they are causing me severe XXXX and stopping me from getting this job offer XXXX now XXXX XXXX  XXXX cant provide to my XXXXXXXX XXXX XXXX  daughter PLEASE HELP ME PLEASE XXXX XXXX  now.with no help.
Such notice shall contain the name, address, and telephone number of each consumer reporting agency from which the consumer information was obtained for resale.
During the last week of XXXX, I called the Chase Fraud Dept.
As of XX/XX/XXXX the car is still sitting in the yard.
I have over a dozen more that my phone identifies as SPAM that I am sure belongs to portfolio recovery.
There is a charge for XXXX and another charge for XXXX.
I haven't heard from anyone and so I sent another email on XX/XX/XXXX asking for a full refund because i haven't heard from anyone and no results were done.
Equifax has made poor attempts to help consumers.
The credit card account was closed.
I've disputed with Prestige Financial Services as well as with the credit bureaus directly.
Otherwise anyone paying for your reporting services could fax, mail or email in a fraudulent account. 

XXXX keeps calling me several times a day, harrasses me at work with is against the law, calling friends, threatening me
This debt is in dispute and can not be reported until validated and verified but such was stated that they would report to XXXX, XXXX, and Experian and others if i didn't make a payment.
The List of accounts below has violated my federally protected consumer rights to privacy and confidentiality under 15 USC 1681. 

I've never opened an account with them
But I received an email notification that they will verify this check for a maximum of 5 business days. 

They decided to close my account based on the information XXXX sent to them, which was based on XXXX  XXXX XXXX 's mistake.
Such internal record creating does not create liability, the partial, front-end copies of the Application and MPN, XXXX has furnished, are financial aid applications.
She mentioned that there was nothing more XXXX XXXX could do and I would need to resolve this with XXXX I also inquired whether MOHELA would be able to assist as my account transferred on XXXX
In essence, I can go for months without a bill generating from American Express. 


I went to the car dealership and applied for a car.
Just to provide a brief description of the disputed delinquencies, I have 3 late payments listed on all 9 accounts I have with XXXX and some show up as 150 days past due.
I was promised a return call.
I have attached copies of the request sent to OCWEN on XXXX XXXX ; which included copies of the OCWEN account from each Credit Bureau.
Enclosures : Identity Theft Report Proof of Identity Copy of Account Statement showing Fraudulent Items FTC Notice to Furnishers CC : Consumer Financial Protection Bureau po box 4503
They have stated when I have called them, that they have contacted your agency numerous times to have the other account removed to no avail, often noting unreasonable hold times to get through to the fraud department.
Thank You, XXXX XXXX
Why?
I have not filed a bankruptcy.
Nationstar did not notify me of any changes and that they had stopped taking my payments as they were only partial payments.
M y account is no longer negative and IS revolving and should be showing a positive or a percentage paid and it is not doing so so.
When I looked up the number for the caller ; I see they used to be XXXX also NE Processing.
15 U.S.C. 1681 Section 604A. Section 2 : It also states consumer reporting agency can not furnish an account without my written instructions.

4 )
I called and spoke to a representative on XX/XX/2020 to ask about an update on the results of the first round of letters and was told they never received them.
The man investigated what i told him had happened and i got a letter from him to call but when i called the collection company yesterday i was informed they no longer could help me and said syncrony had recalled my debt due to error so i could contact them..
THIS IS A BUSINESS BK AND SHOULD NOT BE ON MY PERSONAL CREDIT
They failed to properly consider loan modification applications before trying to sell my home. 


The lady threatened to continue calling me which I consider harassment.
He stated that I had received a check from XXXX for XXXX.
They have also failed to provide the requested verification documents to prove the validity of the debt and the amount owed.
I asked him to send me the documentation where it shows that amount.
Furious at Southwest Credit Systems because they lied to me.
So seeing other peoples loan providers reinstating their balance after requesting it just 36-72 hours later makes me very concerned that this company does not have our best interests at heart.
They redirected me to a " specialist '' after a 1h30min wait.
XXXX  does not exist for this time.
To begin with, this is not the first time I have been attempting to remove the incorrect personal information on my credit reports.
In is in clarity that your Claim of Non-Medical debt Collection is insufficient for collections much less reporting.
The local Soffan case is an example, identity theft is run on a rather large scale in my general region.
It says account was opened XX/XX/2022, which means they should have sent a letter to a current and accurate address, but I never received a single letter from this company.
I do n't feel this is right.
I have no idea how the theft took place.
I also sent certified letters to the three credit bureaus, along with my incident report, which is attached, asking them to verify or remove the negative report on my credit report that WELLS FARGO DEALER SVC is reporting.
XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX unauthorized XXXXXXXX XXXX XXXX XXXXXXXX unauthorized
On XX/XX/2018 I submitted a dispute to all 3 major Credit Bureaus Agencies in regards to identity theft.
Loan origination date is XX/XX/XXXX.
I have been affected by COVID - 19 and this company has unethical business practices.
I had called XXXX and was informed that they were transferring the account to SANTANDER CONSUMER USA and that their computer system had problems in the transfer during the months of XXXX, XXXX and XX/XX/XXXX. 


I noticed online that XXXX has already been involved in FTC filings and had to pay fines previously.
Two weeks later, I learned that this company continues to state that the information is correct.
The pace of activities and responses from BOA definitely slowed down under XXXX.
On XX/XX/2016, we accepted an offer from CitiMortgage to refinance the adjustable-rate mortgage we had with them, paying an application fee and locking in a 15-year, fixed-rate of 2.875 %.
I've requested several investigation however, the issue still persist.
Please delete the following items, which you have failed to provide proper verification and another bureau has found to be inaccurate.
They auctioned off the car and still say I need to pay  XXXX .
U Name : XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XX/XX/XXXX Equifax Inquiries : XXXX XX/XX/XXXX XXXX XXXX XX/XX/XXXX XXXX XX/XX/XXXX XXXX XXXX XX/XX/XXXX XXXX XXXX XX/XX/XXXX XXXX XXXX XX/XX/XXXX Collections : XXXX XXXX  XXXX XXXX XXXXXXXX XXXX XXXX XXXXXXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXXXXXX XXXX XXXXXXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXXXXXX XXXX XXXXXXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX EMPLOYER :
I only must make a decision about my mortgage.   
Without any physical locations, they leave no options to close the fraud account other than emailing even more personal information to an institution I do not trust nor want storing my personally identifying information.
At that time I decided to check in on the information that I received in XXXX.
I have reached out to all of these creditors and have made them aware that these accounts were fraudulently opened, and they have known this for several months, but have yet to remove these accounts from my credit reports.
Neither Experian nor XXXX provided validation of ant sort.
I let her know she cant legally pull my information without my permission.
and I fall in foreclosure, XXXX XXXX XXXX offer to purchase my house at the market and sell it back to me for 20 % more, I assume that was that profit, I dont recall shared appreciation cost was discuss, its possible but dont remember as I was so desperate to stay in my home with my family.
A validated copy of the Notice of Lien receipt, or a copy of the actual title reflecting the lienholder The State of California requires the items listed above to obtain a repossession title enabling sale of the vehicle.
XXXX XXXX SSN : XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX North Carolina XXXX P.S.
The rental agency was threatening to call the police so I had to release the dispute then refile after we had checked out per the advice of XXXX.
My bank has no history or documentation of declined payments.
This incorrect reporting is harming my credit score.
Other than the dispute rep stating that the merchant and merchant refuses to refund me the full amount.
These accounts are adversely affecting my credit and/or consumer reports and costing me thousands of dollars in interest every year.
I need to speak to someone about a person who does have account with you and stole money from my account. 

The bank was biased against me and discriminated me on the basis of National Origin, Gender, age, and Ethnicity. 


XXXXXXXX XXXX wired transferred to TMS on XX/XX/XXXX, provided to confirmation number : XXXX.
For over a year I have been asking one main financial to remove me from their mailing list.
They left no messages, and only different numbers would come up on caller ID, no company name, so we assumed they were sales/spam calls.
I have absolutely no idea how they obtained this information.
XXXX replied to me confirming this the following day and also explained that the appraisal fee would be waived in the lender credit, but would look like a fee on the LE.
I demand these accounts be deleted immediately or I will file for litigation due to the stress you caused me.
The following items are UNKNOWN to ME.
I reported this Unauthorized activity to Wells Fargo Fraud Department.
This is absolutely disgusting behavior.
( In fact, the letter I received made no mention of being banned from having an account with Capital One.
PER FEDERAL LAW, INFORMATION RECEIVED TO BLOCK SUCH INFORMATION SHOULD HAVE BEEN TAKEN WITHIN 5 BUSINESS DAY HOWEVER, CONSUMER HAD TO CONTINUOUSLY DISPUTE ACCOUNTS AS IF NOTHING WAS EVER RECEIVED VIA FAX.
The message was a copy of my purchase receipt.
I called my Bank to stop payment for this company, and they opened a fraud case.
We have done this before without a problem.
( Equifax failed to notify the consumer in XX/XX/XXXX, with such determination of this deleted/unverified account that is reinserted onto the consumer credit report ).
And XXXX was debited from business checking.
So its safe to say your bureau only used XXXX system meaning your bureau is in clear violation of the law.
I need Macys to be held accountable.
My credit dropped XXXX points as a result of this.
Not only was I never late on this account, but according to the Fair Credit Reporting Act ( FCRA ), the information furnisher is required to notify me of the insertion of negative listings.
I then went to the post office and found out they had been holding our mail for XXXX, XXXX, XXXX ( See photo of me picking up the mail at the post office ).
This is the reporting for month on XXXX, XXXX & XX/XX/XXXX ( during the coronavirus )
I have a mortgage loan with MR COOPER in which I have been trying to obtain a loan modification since XXXX of XXXX.
I said, I did re-apply, and I was approved, and you charged me a {$39.00} annual fee.
I called  Wells Fargo  Customer Service on  XXXX   XXXX ,    2017,   XXXX  CDT to close the account and was told by Representative   XXXX    XXXX  ext  XXXX  that I would have to go into a  Wells Fargo Branch to  close the account.     
My wife account is different from my debt.
XXXX paints me as a XXXX.
I have submitted over 20 requests and complaints to them to stop escrow, service complaints and to delete my escrow all together.
XXXX XXXX AUTO XXXX XXXX Balance-
I also contacted Citi cards a second time to dispute the charge again.
I have bank documentation ( attached ) proving GTS DID receive payment in October but GTS DID NOT post until XX/XX/XXXX.
Finally, this year after they threatened to increase my payment once again from {$1300.00} to {$1300.00} for XXXX 's payment, I said, " If they're taking out almost {$700.00}.
My pay off balance NOW is {$190000.00} ( whats wrong with this picture? )
Except as otherwise provided in this section, a consumer reporting agency shall block the reporting of any information in the file of a consumer that the consumer identifies as information that resulted from an alleged identity theft, not later than four ( 4 ) business days after the date of receipt by such agency of 1.
Interest was jacked up to 29.99 % APR on my business cards due to some missed payments.
Then 610 ( a ) ( 1 ) [ 1681h ] identifies the proper identification required ( driver license and SS card )
To establish the credit file the furnisher must submit the initial contract to all 3 Credit Bureaus, than how this account number belongs to me without my signature????
The number of inquiries had nothing to do with whether I would able to pay my bills.
XXXXXXXX XXXX is reporting that my mortgage is 2-months past due as of today.
I eventually gave up trying and left the situation alone.
Please note that you have 30 days to complete this investigation  as per the Fair Credit Reporting Act section 611.
This company does not have a contract with my signature.
This company Clear Path Lending, has sent me mailings that have logo and seals of the Department of Veteran Affairs, when I called they told me they were the VA!
Although Capital One has the funds they will not release them to me.
I have bank statements it was two checking accounts and two savings.
They don't have the company information because I paid directly to the original account.
Those being XXXX, XXXX XXXX, and XXXX.
This incorrect coding is harming my credit score and is a violation of the Fair Credit Reporting Act.
Unfortunately, we are unable to process your form at this time because your request was not complete. ''
I HAVE FILED A COMPLAINT ON FTC AND HAVE CONTACTED OUR LOCAL POLICE.
There was no notification of any kind saying that the account had to be under my name, and no request in the form for the name of the account.
There was definitely an error on their part.
All of this violates, Fair Debt Collection Practices Act.
He refused again.
I told them by FTC ruling they had two billing cycles or 90 days whichever came first. 


The credit report process is totally broken for U.S. expats attempting to retrieve a credit report while living abroad.
Discover checking account closed out several months ago, remaining funds in account not received, the amount of {$140.00}, at time of closing.
I have called my bank to explain to them this situation, but, the bank said it is money transfer that I have authorized, therefore, they can not help me to get my money back.
When reading up on the FCRA, I learned that if an account is reported on my credit report, everything within the reporting must be free from error which is not the case.
Spoke on phone with a BOA rep who stated that the echeck had cleared.
Equifax stated in their responses to my 2 dispute letters that they have verified that the items listed are accurate but you failed to send me copies of the documents that you used to verify these accounts as per my request.
15 US C 1681 Section 604
I said ok. 


On XX/XX/XXXX, XXXX - XXXX XXXX add a hard inquiriy on my credit report per XXXX.


I cosigned for a private student loan XX/XX/XXXX for my brothers wife.
15 U.S.C 1681 Section 604
My bank denied payment to all the above transactions except to NCB Management.
When I received my statement the plan expires XX/XX/XXXX
The document is the exact copy of the original document, not a copy of a copy 3 )
I spoke with supervisor by the name of XXXX and was told that I will need to read the terms and conditions which should state payment information could not be deleted off the site by customer nor Experian.
This is unjustly, and has majorly affected my credit score because of their error.
They have written off this as a bad debt or charge off and the account has been closed, which means that they have written off thison their business taxes, yet and still they are trying to collect.
I sent the middle part.
Fraud losses are exponentially increasing year over year and this is in part, due to the credit bureaus going unregulated and unchecked.
Now they try to tell me to take my staff after {$76000.00} stolen property and {$260000.00} they must pay me before entering inside my house.
Within 24 hours of me submitting all of my documentation, XXXX notified me the account was deleted from my credit report.
I disputed the abusive entries in my credit report, which lowered my credit score by at least XXXX points.
and they admitted it should be {$2000.00} listed as debt but they havent negotiated the price or deleted it and they are still reporting {$10000.00}.
On XX/XX/2021 I sent a letter regarding inaccurate and unknown things on my credit report to this day over 60 days later I have not received a response yet.
15 U.S.C 1681 section 602 A. States I have the right to privacy.


I am following up on Complaint ID XXXX.
Negative information is showing on my credit report when the account is not even under my name.
I spend more than XXXX hour to talk some XXXX help me out for my reallocation request and no ones help me out. 

The automated system only allowed two options to report fraud or request credit report.
In XX/XX/XXXX, I started to receive letters from XXXX about installment payments for an account that I did not open.



, I dont agree description, XX/XX/XXXX I talk with Mr .
Some people used my las name but with diferent secund las name XXXX
After that incident I have noticed many incorrect and unauthorized items appeared in my report.
A credit report shows that over the next year plus, XXXX kept piling onto this original {$1.00} penalties and whatnot until, as of XX/XX/XXXX, the amount owed was {$140.00} ; they then closed the account and reported it to the credit bureaus. 

I told them I never received it and asked them to email it to me.
Fact, the Fair Credit Reporting Act noticed an elaborate mechanism has been developed for investigating and evaluating the credit worthiness, credit standing, credit capacity, character, and general reputation of consumers. 


I am so XXXX yrs.
I sent copies of the agreement all 3 credit bureaus to get the file updated and all three sent back the response that XXXX refused to remove the entries even after entering into a legal contract.
Thank You in advance, XXXX
Now, as a result of my latest complaint, BMW Financial Services has issued me yet another letter.
15 U.S.C. 1681c-2 ( A ) ( 5 ) Section States ; no consumer reporting agency may make any consumer report containing any of these items of information.
SWC has called an excessive amount of times, and has not submitted anything in writing, despite my request for them to do so.
On XX/XX/XXXX I still had not received any modification paperwork.
I am filing this complaint to remove inaccurate information from my credit report with Equifax.
So now Synchrony is calling me daily telling me I owe late fee and overdrawn fees ( I was late because I got thrown off on the XXXX XXXX when I went to make payment and saw something was off ).
A Section 2 : It also states a consumer reporting agency can not furnish a account without my written instructions
10.
Disputed this because I was never made aware of debt by phone or mail.
THIS DAY I HAVE NOT RECEIVED ONE INVESTIGATION RESPONSE, LETTER, AND OR ANY REPORTS OF THEIR FINDINGS.
What I did NOT know is every time I put my payments " on hold '' XXXX XXXX/
i request PENNYMAC LOAN SERVICES , LLC to revise once and for all their method of calculating escrow analysis to avoid this ongoing yearly challenge. 


XXXX XXXX of NCS insisted that XXXX was under " NEW '' management although they are not.
This includes finance charges which is the sum of ALL payments INCLUDING late payments according to Section 1637 ( b ).
The term creditor refers only to a person who both ( 1 ) regularly extends, whether in connection with loans, sales of property or services, or otherwise, consumer credit which is payable by agreement in more than four installments or for which the payment of a finance charge is or may be required, and ( 2 ) is the person to whom the debt arising from the consumer credit transaction is initially payable on the face of the evidence of indebtedness or, if there is no such evidence of indebtedness, by agreement.
I have been getting repeated calls and messages from this company.
they have made my problem worse by their response.
He said they had been trying to serve me cause I was being sued by Pioneer Credit and I needed to call XXXX with my case number.
I highlighted that it was him who began speaking while I was still trying to relay my message.
He seems to think that UDAAP can be invoked in this instance and wonders how much he can make from this. 


They exceeded the investigation time and never contact me with any results.
4.
XXXX for myself. 

Creditors are required to report accurate information to all XXXX CRAs, and Portfolio Recovery is not in compliance as required by law.
XXXXXXXX XXXX XXXXXXXX XXXX, XXXX XXXX XXXX, XXXX XXXX XXXX.
BofA states " For more information on the differences, see the Features section accompanying the application. ''
AFTER EXPLAINING TO MY BANK THROUGH SURERED MESSAGING ON THERE WEB SITE, TO CANCEL THE DEPOSIT OF THIS CHECK, AWARE OF THE XXXX CHARGE OF THE CANCELLATION FEE, THEY DID NOT RESPOND AT ALL, NON-STOP THE DEPOSIT OF THIS CHECK, THERES THE FIRST PROBLEM AS MY BANK
However, that debt obligation was discharged in bankruptcy.
The late payments correspond to errors committed by XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX.
I received notification from Equifax that I had placed a permanent lift on my credit report and I thought I always did temporary lifts.
My information was also impacted by the Equifax, XXXX  and XXXX  data breach and may have got into the hands of the wrong person.
Only to learn that the security freeze is apparently still there.
The documentation included address, social security number, amount for the debt for the apparent collection. 


Your reporting is completely inaccurate, and it is ruining my credit.
I then contacted Citibank and they proceed to tell me that i have had a service called " Payment Safeguard '' activated on my account ( which i never authorized ) and it had been charging my credit card a monthly amount to have the service.
It was XXXX XXXX  XXXX XXXX position at a XXXX XXXX XXXXXXXX XXXX XXXX ( XXXX ).
I have a account in collections from XXXX that has been removed from two of my credit reports because they knowingly supplied false information to obtain a debt.
This needs to be sent to XXXX, XXXX, TransUnion. 


XXXX Accounts ( one for XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX for XXXX XXXX XXXX ) were paid in full ; Agent stated it would be removed from credit report upon payment. 


These Items have no Consumer Protection Law right to be reported on my private consumer credit report.
My answer to them was no
This is also in fact no true because who did they call or interview to " verify ''.
I had informed First National Bank of Omaha in the month of XX/XX/XXXX that i had been taken off work due to a XXXX XXXX i contacted from a XXXX.
Suntrust reversed the charges, did an investigation, and without any evidence decided to undo the reversal of changes of approximately {$1000.00}.
They each say the problem is on the other bank 's side.
Whats worse is now all three reports have started to do it.
I attempted to get a new vehicle yesterday with $ XXXX down that I saved up.
By cancelling my credit cards I would lose 30+ years of combined credit history as well as tens of thousands of dollars in limits/utilization.
Evaluate this reporting by making a revision of the information provided.
They told me they are not required to allow me to dispute this inaccurate information any longer.
i have tried multiple times but to no avail.
Also due tomy XXXX and the mortgage increase i can no longer afford my gas bill so i have noheat nor hot water.
I sent in my income documents after I got a raise at work so they could re-calculate my Income Driven Repayment plan.
Only when I told them no
They are supposed to ensure that ALL information pertaining to me is accurate.
the account specialist stated that the letter was received for my request and that I have no right to request such validation of debt via a letter unless I request the information via the court system.
I am disputing this amount since the additional services were not provided by XXXX. 


We, they, are public servants that aim to not only protect us but also protect our credit from erroneous or wrong information. 


Moreover, all future attempts to collect on the said debt must be ceased. 

I was shocked when reviewing my credit report and found late payments on the dates below : 30 days late as of XX/XX/XXXX 30 days late as of XX/XX/XXXX I am not sure how this happened.
XXXX XXXX XXXX Date Opened : XX/XX/XXXX Balance : {$1500.00}, XXXX XXXX XXXX Date Opened : XX/XX/XXXX Balance : {$6600.00}, XXXX XXXX XXXX Date Opened : XX/XX/XXXX Balance : {$14000.00} According to FCRA XXXX XXXX ( a ) the CREDIT REPORTING AGENCIES shall block any information in the file of a consumer that the consumer identifies as information that resulted from an alleged identity theft, not later than 4 business days after the date of receipt.
When I was ready to pay my monthly payment, Carrington sated that my loan was " not yet in the system '' and I would receive " a welcome packet ''.
On XXXX XXXX, XXXX days before our scheduled closing, XXXX XXXX advised us that the leasehold approval, and thus the entire loan package, had been denied.
why and I refuse to be held reliable to something I didnt do please have them remove this of my report its been on here long enough and its not my fault thank you.
I feel like Im being taken advantage of and being ignored for my disputes.
I then pulled my credit reports and found several accounts between XXXX and XXXX that were not mine.
however, there is no local branch here in XXXX They have told me that this is the only way that I may get this done.
They were also aware that I was recently divorced, had full custody of my XXXX boys XXXX of which has a XXXX  XXXX ( XXXX XXXX XXXX  ) and I lost over 80 % of my income.
This account is Charged off which is a violation of my rights I never gave any written consent for this to occur this is idenity Theft.
XXXX ( Original Creditor : 11 XXXX  ) 142
I asked is there any other way to escalate this dispute and come to a resolution and he did not offer any solution.
This is the second time they just stopped sending statements and I had to call.
Im custumer from capital one bank
The public record still remains, and my consumer rights to request information have been violated continuously by this organization.
A recent storm has severely damaged the roof of our home.
The repair shop that car was held at was never contacted by the lender as part of their investigation. 


I advised them that I would be filing complaints with FICA, Consumer Financial Protection Bureau, XXXX XXXX XXXX and any other agency I think may be able to help.
The agency should note that the document is actually not signed. 

on or about XX/XX/21 I attempted to purchase XXXX ft of XXXX XXXX  for {$620.00} on line from Lowes.
Please allow 30 days for processing after I receive this information back. 

Her words pertinent to XXXX XXXX were, " He would not stop talking. ''
However, XXXX 's name is still on the account there from when we lived there.
( c ) CEASING COMMUNICATIONIf a consumer notifies a debt collector in writing that the consumer refuses to pay a debt or that the consumer wishes the debt collector to cease further communication with the consumer, the debt collector shall not communicate further with the consumer with respect to such debt, except ( 1 ) to advise the consumer that the debt collectors further efforts are being terminated ; ( 2 ) to notify the consumer that the debt collector or creditor may invoke specified remedies which are ordinarily invoked by such debt collector or creditor ; or ( 3 ) where applicable, to notify the consumer that the debt collector or creditor intends to invoke a specified remedy. 

so I would not include them in the consolidation calculations and lose the qualifying payments on those loans.
I would even suggest that they are investigating each individual transaction separately despite them all being done with one company by the same account holder at XXXX. 


It have been used sinc e 2012,  even though he have been deceased sinc e   XXXX   XXXX  ,2012.
my fico say I have good credit.
In XXXX of XXXX, Jared verbally agreed to enter into a settlement agreement with me for 3 payments to be sent in XXXX of XXXX, XXXX of XXXX, and XXXX of XXXX.
This company must be dealt with immediately.
I had confirmed the Citibank representative that i am able to get the promotion if i upgrade my account to Citigold and and maintain {$50000.00} for 30 days.
Had they truly investigated or perhaps corroporated with in there own company the phone calls they record make it known there is a recording would have laid this to rest from the start.
Customers don't have option to open security investigation, and I clearly stated these are fraud charges in all my calls with CITI. 


Contacted Chase Bank and rep said funds will be release once the check cleared and there is no risk of return.
Creditor : XXXX XXXX Credit Bureau : Equifax XX/XX/XXXX Request for Removal of Unauthorized Inquiry Dear Sir or Madam, I checked my personal credit report, which I acquired from Equifax on [ XX/XX/XXXX ]
The statements that I was given by PNC Mortgage after demanding an audit of my account show no disbursements from this mysterious " suspense account '' that I knew nothing about, and never received so much as a statement for. 


PLEASE SEE THE ATTACHED DOCUMENTS.
Mind you this is a rooming house now and theres plenty of other people living here with Cash App cards and they are not going thru this issue!
Borrowers Pushed into Foreclosure by Servicing Errors The CFPB and its partner states believe that XXXX was engaged in significant and systemic misconduct that occurred at every stage of the mortgage servicing process.
Remove it.
He immediately needed to verify if I was XXXX XXXX XXXX ; I replied asking when and where he/Equifax got that information since this was the first time anyone has ever inferred or asked me that.
Several said they weren't sure and made hypothetical possibilities.
We we came back we were ask to provide information or they would shut down our account.
However, Monday morning, XX/XX/XXXX, I received another call from U.S.A.A. requesting another payment, and each time that I do speak with a representative from U.S.A.A.
XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX, OH
Please provide me the following : 1 )
Another year goes by ( to income tax season when I get the form that shows how much I've paid for interest for the year ) and again, every single penny I paid went to interest.
Financial institution may not, directly or through any affiliate disclose to a nonaffiliated third party any nonpublic personal information.
Bitcoin XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXXXXXX XXXX XXXX   XXXX XXXX XXXXXXXX XXXX XXXX XXXXXXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXXXXXX
Apparently, a scammer merely needs to provide PayPal a tracking number of a parcel shipping to the same zip code and PayPal 's policies and procedures then consider the parcel delivered and deny the claim.
I contacted the Federal Trade Commission and filed a complaint # I am a victim of identity theft and I write to dispute certain information in my file resulting from the crime that I recently became aware of.
I am unsure who is right but matters not. 


XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX, DE XXXX ( XXXX ) XXXX.
After hours and hours on hold on the customer support line-
I sent a letter regarding inaccurate and unknown things on my credit report to this day over 60 days later I have not received a response yet.
So I pulled the 1099g from both emails from XXXX  website and noticed that the XXXX was correct I think as far as amount but the pandemic was not their making me send in another question to them with no reply.
Attorney is stating we have to wait for 3 working day waiting period due to correction to the CD by attorney to lender.
I my complaint is with my loan services XXXX.
The FCRA clearly states 4 days all fraudulent accounts will be removed.
As such, given the fact of recent breaches of information collection repositories, I am hesitating to readily accept what is presented without testimonial and certified physically verifiable document evidence of claim as being legitimate.
I have disputed 3 or 4 times with Innovis and they do nothing.
The bank has reversed all the transactions I made to my creditors and now the creditors are calling me asking for payments and threatening to send my accounts to the credit bureau, I also called the insurance company today XX/XX/XXXXand spoke with XXXX XXXX to see if the check had been cashed by the bank.
I did not ever receive any.
As a servicer as well the overall incompetence and overcharging has been caught.
In addition I am told there is no time frame for this to be resolved and that I would receive an email from the " BACK OFFICE '' as soon as it is resolved.
WITH DREAMS AND GOALS THAT I WANT TO ACHIEVE, ALL THE BAD REMARKS ARE REALLY PUTTING A FREEZE ON MY LIFE.
These are the items I demand to be deleted immediately XXXX XXXX Account Number : XXXXXXXX XXXX XXXX Account Number :
Thanks you, XXXX XXXX ( cel )
Please help me, I 'm a single mom and trying my best all the time to support my life and keep my mortgage.
XXXX
They also promised that my money was going to be available in 180 days but my account is still limited.
Why you still posting this information.
She then called back and spoke to a Supervisor, XXXX, who immediately began speaking with an attitude before my mother could explain the situation and told her that she is disconnecting the call since my mom was planning to file a complaint.
The account THOMAS AGENCY which opened XXXX XXXX, XXXX is inaccurately and erroneously reporting.
I never received a direct bill from XXXX XXXX XXXX in XXXX.
Spoke to XXXX XXXX who was rude threatening and arrogant.
I wrote a check to myself for {$10000.00} and deposited it into my checking account on XX/XX/XXXX.
Now awake, I answered and asked the caller, XXXX XXXX, if she is aware that she called me 7 minutes apart, back to back.
It is the result of identity theft. 


Like numerous others, I have also fallen victim of these deceptive practices by Convergent Outsourcing.
I was contacted by the Regional Manager who basically said they gave me the wrong information and that unfortunately the money went directly through that Friday.
Experian has not updated this information.
It took several phone calls to get this cleared up, I had asked to speak to speak to supervisors and all assured me it would be fixed and that if I paid the XXXX, I would still owe the balance and they would send me to collections.
I have not opened or been late with any accounts.
Your incompetence and collusion makes your bank responsible for ALL of the fraudulent transactions after the date of the Power Of Attorney that you bank accepted.
This is my NUMEROUS request that I have been a victim of identity theft and that no one seems to care, that I want to dispute specific records in my credit file that do not belong to me, or that I have signed any agreement.
When asked if there was another way I could find more information on this matter, the representative stated, " I do n't even have a manager you could speak with, I 'm just here to enroll people. ''
I am being ignored by this agency.
I need assistance in the matter.
Shellpoint notified me that they did not have my current insurance information.
After completing the requirements, I messaged Citibank on XXXX XXXX, 2016 via their online secure messaging system to confirm that I was enrolled in the promotion and had met the requirements.
No response.
SOMEONE USE MY PERSONAL INFORMATION PRETENDING TO BE ME WITHOUT MY AUTHORIZATION OR CONSENT TO OPEN OR
As you can see, I have always had a stellar payment record with this company.
I had only 2 months to take advantage of the moratorium before it ended.
In those 2 months I have asked numerous times for a response and I have not received anything in response from this bureau in over 30 days.
I pay my bills but I don't owe this one.
Please explain in DETAIL the below FACTS. 
XXXX, XX/XX/XXXX has a different payment report than 1 other credit bureau. 

Only talked to a " Senior '' collector. 


I keep receiving calls about a debt I have no clue about
Recently every time I contact them they just put me on mute and hang up.
Sent final MVPA and VIN number to Alliant on XX/XX/2021.
The supervisor told me that phone call was just a follow up call that they routinely do when an appointment to pay is 7 days or more out.
However the amount that was verifed in the 2 affidavits signed and filed by XXXX XXXX business manager, XXXX, was only {$2300.00}.
The issue is very simple to understand.
My information was also impacted by the Equifax Data breach and may have got into the hands of the wrong person.
I was having issues accessing my account so I reached out to Citi Bank only to be informed that my account was pending closure, I had not received any notice of this and they gave me conflicting reasons every time I contacted them as to why the account was being closed.
The last letter I sent to the 3 credit bureaus was dated XX/XX/2022, but I never received a response from them.
Now my account that was in good status was passed onto a collection agency ( XXXX XXXX XXXX ) and its for the amount of {$20000.00}.
No problem, my direct deposit hit, I am paid once a month so I have bills to pay.
According to : 15 U.S.C 1681 Section 604 A Section 2 : It also states a consumer reporting agency can not furnish a account without my written instructions According to : 15 U.S.C. 1681s-2 ( A ) ( 1 )
Kraken has n't distributed the XXXX XXXX ( XXXX ) for the giveaway as of yet.
A person shall not furnish any information relating to a consumer to any consumer reporting agency if the person knows has reasonable cause to believe that the information is inaccurate.
Along with the card, there were multiple packets included with it with various travel programs & benefits : baggage insurance, travel accident insurance, etc.
XXXX ACCOUNT # XXXX
I have sent letter to Equifax on XX/XX/XXXX, I got a response stating they could not find my information in the system.
Please remove them.
The XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX sent a letter to me on XXXX XXXX, XXXX regarding an alleged medical debt. 


n accordance with the Fair Credit Reporting act XXXX Account XXXX XXXX # XXXX, has violated my rights. 


In accordance with the Fair Credit Reporting act XXXX Account, XXXX XXXX BANK XXXX XXXX XXXX, has violated my rights. 


Lack of communication, underwriting incompetence/indifference and unprofessionalism also played a large role in my experience.
I filed for bankruptcy and the debt was discharged in bankruptcy ; yet the company continues to call me multiple times a day.
TransUnion now shows all payments on time with XXXX.
There are several address ' listed for me that I never lived at.
In accordance with the Fair Credit Reporting act.
Chase JPMCB reported XXXX separate account ( XXXX ) as Charge-Offs on my consumer reports. 

This has happened in XX/XX/XXXX and in XXXX, each time coinciding with vendor/bank sided outage to the site, and no ability to contact customer service. 


I DO NOT OWE XXXX OR XXXX OR XXXX XXXX ANY MONEY!
The Fair Debt Collection Practices Act is in play here.
As stated in the background, they were given thirty ( 30 ) days to comply with the XXXX law, which gives them time to gather their findings and report the facts of their investigation and take measures to fix any errors found by making amendments ( remove, change information, or information was verified and kept on the credit file. 


The bankrupt company Experian have continued to put fraudulent activity or information in our credit report and informing other companies of the fraudulent information which is heresay and fraud!
Their estimation on the amount I would owe at the time was {$130.00} and some change. 


I demand that you immediately delete the negative items from my credit report in order to avoid legal action.
He asked me if I was an attorney over and over again and I advised him I know my rights and he needed to send me the information via mail. 

Please help resolve this issue. 


Regulation of credit reports ( a ) Reports by creditor on obligor 's failure to pay amount regarded as billing error After receiving a notice from an obligor as provided in section 1666 ( a ) of this title, a creditor or his agent may not directly or indirectly threaten to report to any person adversely on the obligor 's credit rating or credit standing because of the obligor 's failure to pay the amount indicated by the obligor under section 1666 ( a ) ( 2 ) of this title, and such amount may not be reported as delinquent to any third party until the creditor has met the requirements of section 1666 of this title and has allowed the obligor the same number of days ( not less than ten ) thereafter to make payment as is provided under the credit agreement with the obligor for the payment of undisputed amounts.
There has been no communication via telephone or USPS from the most recent collection agency I.C. Systems.
Identity theft is the issue.
How is it possible for an institution to completely block a responsible customer from their banking accounts? 


One month later to deny my loan is a violation of my rights.
In theory, this would help me pay off my loans faster.
Due to USAA not closing my credit card and charging {$400.00} in OD protection after I assumed the account to be closed, I called USAA to complain.
I asked for a debt validation letter but the guy stated that I owe the debt and that he already sent several notices last year.
It has been over 60 days so they should be promptly deleted.
They claimed we missed a payment that was automatically withdrawn from our bank account.
The first on XX/XX/XXXX and again an attempt was made on XX/XX/XXXX.
First let me explain that I was a HUD Foreclosure Intervention Counselor for eight years, and I know what a COMPLETE modification packet consists of. 


The inquiry was not authorized XXXX Date of inquiry : XX/XX/XXXX I do not remember authorizing this inquiry.
The assignment of my mortgage was recorded in XXXX XXXX Register of deeds XXXX time and it was recorded and dated for XX/XX/XXXX, this is after I received a document from J.P Morgan Chase N.A. ( chase ) with ( chase ) in parenthesis, stating my XXXX mortgage payment be on XX/XX/XXXX before the assignment.
Section 611 ( a ) it is plainly stated that failure to investigate these items within 30 days gives a reason to immediately remove those negative items from my credit report as well as correct my late payments as paid on time.
I have asked for verification for the original contract and for the debt or account listed as an error several times only to be ignored.
After trying to rectify the issue, I was told I needed to pay an additional {$180.00} to cover the interest and fees ( incurred while they had the funds ) in order to pay off the loan.
I went right away and while still on the phone, I paid my bill.
The representative said Carter Young can change the debt to whatever they choose when they choose.
I am told I have a {$160.00} credit left after payoff.
I can not afford these payments.
I also asked if they could check to see if the check had been cashed and she said no.
Since XX/XX/2022, XXXX has failed to update my Equifax credit report even though I have asked them to do so many times.
The number search is from XXXX.
On XX/XX/XXXX, while vacationing in XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX, my wife and I upgraded our existing XXXX timeshare through XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX de XXXX.
I am alerted to any credit pulled by my service and this lower my current FICO score. 

I need to have a valid, contemporaneous record of my credit card transactions.
That was after attempting to contact Transunion more than 21 times.
It is already unfair enough that a financial institution, is allowed to hold these funds and not be required to pay interest but to not be held to the same rules as bank accounts, which are required to release holds within a reasonable amount of time, is simply unconscionable.
a refusal to grant credit in the amount or terms requested.
it was reporting a paymt when it suppose to be a closed account. 

I have attempted to keep my home by being told in the beginning that I could obtain a loan of 95 % of the appraised value of my home after my husband 's death.
my written permission to furnish these accounts on my credit report. 


XXXX XXXX XXXX # XXXX has violated my rights. 

No explanation has been given as to why the payments that we did make in XXXX XXXX through XXXX XXXX were posted as MISC adjustments, rather than interest as called for in the step rate modification ( copy provided )
I hung up after 5 minutes on hold.
I received the report in the mail on XX/XX/2019 and as of XX/XX/2019, everything we have went over still remains on my credit history.
The following week on XX/XX/XXXX, I called XXXX XXXX once again and informed them that I still not received the Letters.
Interest from XXXX and collection fees from AlliedInterstate have added are more than 50 % of what the original loan was.
XX/XX/XXXX, I got a car financed through Santander Consumer USA bank for {$12000.00}, now it is XX/XX/XXXX without missing a payment.
I called and set up a case in Mid XXXX to investigate this situation with the payment that was supposed to come out of my account.
I am not the " give-up '' type.
i contacted the collections agency and they were very kind and helpful.
I also left two messages on their online banking messaging system that have not been responded to.
Please beware of these predatory schools they give you nothing and will try to take everything.
I called both bureaus and told them about the incident.
Please respond by email through the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau at XXXXXXXXXXXX.
Sallie Mae dropped the ball with the repayment plan and did not do as they stated they would to fix the incorrect information on my credit and my co-signers credit report. 

Perhaps it was mailed and subject to the USPS delivery issues we are currently having during the pandemic, exasperated by the XXXX holiday.
XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX, TN XXXXFIRST
XXXX, XXXX XXXX XXXX SEC # XXXX DOB XX/XX/XXXX ADDRESS XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX, FL XXXX ATTENTION DISPUTE DEPARTMENT TODAYS DATE :
Had the mailman not delivered this piece of mail to me I would never had known 1 ) that this mortgage was being held by another company other than XXXX XXXX 2 ) that my house was in foreclosure and I could have actually lost my house without even being aware of this. 


Experian call center staff said no additional information was needed, and they were just going to open a second dispute to correct my credit report.
XXXX then changed their story and admitted that the reservation had been cancelled the same day, I.e. XXXX XXXX, and not XXXX XXXX
Tho I have continued to dialogue with them and they say they will, they have never removed the late payments from my credit reports.
Furthermore, they are at risk for each fdcpa infringement as per usc XXXX.
The only option the recipient has is reimbursing XXXX from a previous charge that was mishandled.
I saw that on my credit report, I have XXXX hard inquiries, but XXXX of them are part of the time I was looking at financial institutions to purchase my car.
and we had sufficient time to work out a solution and just flat failed to do it.
Their not following correct procedure on collection.
Except as otherwise provided in this section, a consumer reporting shall block the reporting of any information in the file of a consumer that the consumer identifies as information that resulted from alleged identity theft, not later than four ( 4 ) business days after the date receipt by such agency of 1.
What makes it worse is he sent me an email at XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX
They automatically made the assumption that I was cashing money orders fraudlently.
Which is my loan company XXXX XXXX/XXXX/14
Improperly accelerating payments : Schools that use acceleration clauses in their loans when a student withdraws from the program could be putting a heavy financial burden on the student by making the loan immediately due and collectible. 

so I have been Wells Fargo for the last couple of weeks to show my loan paid in full it was paid off 3 weeks ago and they refuse to mark it paid in full on the credit bureau I have dealt with a couple of managers and this XXXX XXXX thinks she is god and will not report it until next month I am trying to buy a house and need this balance gone from my credit report.
The payment was still pending due to it being the weekend and not a weekly business day.
In late XXXX and early XXXX, XXXX XXXX, an internet entrepreneur who I trusted and followed, recommended an online money-making program called XXXX XXXX to his followers.
XXXX XXXX of them reporting late does not make any sense.
They have yet to issue a refund for that {$11.00} dollars.
We went back and we negotiated a {$1000.00} down payment with cash due in 30 days.
I was able to easily obtain all needed information from all credit card companies except for PayPal.
The mortgage company has refused to refund me the {$700.00} they took from my account without permission and they t have told me every week for 4 weeks that the money is in my account.
Defamation 2. )
My interest rate at the start was XXXX
I will attach letters that explain what all I have tried to do not because the credit card itself but I think it was an unfair treatment.
The Payoff on page 2 explains that " This payoff quote is good through the date listed on the front page.
There are inaccurate addresses and other personal information in the report. 

2.
I attempted to dispute the charges and report the fraud, however, their online system would not allow me to dispute pending charges, so I simply closed the card and the next day disputed the charges.
I submitted documents from XXXX XXXX and XXXX that agreed with my dispute.
Each person had their own belief as to what I should do.
However, because my only source of income was being held XXXX, I reluctantly sent over what they demanded of me so that I could have access to the money they blocked and get my life back.
We were provided with a rate quote at 3.7 % in XX/XX/XXXX by the loan officer, XXXX XXXX, but we were never informed to complete any documents or agreements in order to have the garuantee on that rate.
I was just in a hurry to get out of there and trusted no one would commit usury in our state since it is unlawful.
Section 609 ( a ) ( 1 ) ( A ) and 611 ( a ) require the credit bureaus to confirm these accounts ( 1 ).
15 U.S.C 1681 Section 604 A. Section 2 : it also States a consumer Reporting agency can not furnish an account without my written consent or instructions.
Please review your report for the details. 

In XX/XX/XXXX, we sent via regular mail, a request for Qualified Written Request, and requested all phone calls cease. 

My address is XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX CA XXXX my email address is " XXXX '' my phone is XXXX.
I sent in the paperwork anyway today.


Consequently, no money has been deducted from your account. 


Please note that XXXX Chase refuse to give me an email contact, let alone a personal ( complaints ' team ) contact, to try to resolve this.
This inaccurate information is hurting my credit.
For several years I have been called by portfolio recovery for a final payment on a gap credit card that shows record for not being paid. 


XXXX again told them he would pay for it, but we would not retroactively sign the ITP because 2 of the statements that our signatures would certify as truthful were in fact false ( we did NOT verbally express intent to continue with the loan and we WERE charged a fee prior to signing the ITP : the fee for the appraisal they are currently trying to collect ) and the form specifically stated in capital letters that we should NOT sign the form unless we intend to proceed with the loan represented by the LE.
Whereas i XXXX XXXX XXXX a woman sat with said person [ s ] at their office on or about XX/XX/2018.
America is going to XXXX.
( 7 )
I my self XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX know that after you make contact and leave a voice mail they can not call again and they can not call three times a day.
I waited for some time and saw no transaction reversing the charge. 


They leave automated messages daily, from many different numbers.
but we have copies of canceled checks - Navient says we sent checks to wrong address, will send refund.
  
That is not my fault.
I immediately called my bank to report this issue.
The value of the loan was probably around {$4000.00} at the time of default.
I have a   XXXX   balance on the account and by reporting the high balance, this is hurting my credit utilization.  
I received a response to my first letter to this agency, their response letter was dated XX/XX/XXXX.
They offer live chat
I tried to withdrawal {$480.00} at XXXX XXXX, it would n't allow me to withdrawal funds.
I reached out to the company as instructed through its help function and have received no assistance despite calling, texting and emailing them.
I actually was hoping XXXX you would forward this email to the right person. 


not sure of spelling her number XXXX XXXX XXXX
Thank you
XXXX
FL XXXX XXXX
after doing so I notice some items on my report are not mine.
Please keep in mind that it is impossible to be late on accounts where nothing is owed and nothing is past due.
I contacted the company multiple times on and before XXXX via email and phone with no response.
Then she let him make a {$1000.00} cash deposit into a BOA Texas Account to someone he does not know.
They have been sued, they have been fined, yet they continue to commit the same unethical acts.
I spoke to someone named XXXX, XXXX, XXXX and XXXX ( XXXX was the FICO department ).
XXXX XXXX Date Updated : XX/XX/XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX Date Updated : XX/XX/XXXX INQUIRIES :
YOUR is Shellpoint Mortgage Services .
They were supposed to update credit bureaus as of XX/XX/XXXX info since my wifes been calling since XX/XX/XXXX as it is closed then open on both our credit reports and, I did threaten to sue them for the pain and suffering it has caused.
A payment was made on the XX/XX/XXXX that paid up-to-date the account prior to starting XXXX XXXX service The Account was closed in XX/XX/XXXX XXXX refuse to recognize service members XXXX XXXX service to credit account ( ADOS starts XX/XX/XXXX and ends on XX/XX/XXXX )
On the date of XX/XX/2019, I went to a auto company ( XXXX XXXX XXXX  in XXXX, OK ) hoping to finance a car through them.
I told him I did not believe that since the operator asked me if I could make a payment over the phone now.
so I contacted the bank via chat.
XXXX XXXXXXXX
dated XX/XX/XXXX was judgement date, was sent to an old address being XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX, XXXX XXXX, NJ XXXX.
How?!!!
Any other error described in regulations of the Bureau. 1666a.
View XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX ( He/Him ) XXXX
Unfortunately, every time we have spoke with them, there was a huge language barrier and after hours and hours on the phone, we asked where we were calling and learned it was the XXXX.
I talked to XXXX # XXXX, XXXX # XXXX, XXXX # XXXX, and XXXX # XXXX XXXX Supervisor/Manager on XX/XX/2020 ) who promised a payoff Fax to the title company by close of business XX/XX/2020.
I asked if there was a way to remove the promotion so that I may enroll in the program.
I was very upset that customer service was implying all issues where mine, I was very upset that if I had attempted to make a XXXX in store grocery purchased for my family of XXXX I could have been declined at check out, embarrassing of course, but more upsetting as I have the money available on my account, and frequently use Walmart card for grocery purchase for rewards on purchases. 



It also said that a check showing clearance from my friend would clear up the matter, which, as mentioned, he already faxed a week ago. 


They became argumentative and hung up.
XXXX finally determined that the offer required me to do 10 POS purchases after waiting 90 days from account opening and before the end of the 4th statement cycle from opening -- not within 90 days from account opening as we were told by XXXX when we opened the account ( s ) and therefore the 10 POS purchases I did within the first 90 days did not count for the reward.
This false reporting of a collection is harming my credit score and this line item needs to be deleted from my credit report.
XXXX never sent any corespondence saying she received it or reviewed the evidrnce.
In fact XXXX XXXX sent a letter dated for XX/XX/2018 but post marked on [ mail fraud ] XX/XX/2018 alleging that they where the new lender!
Please advise.
Sadly, I worked multiple jobs throughout college and graduate schools to keep myself afloat. 


My income is substantially less.
What is your authorization of law for your collection of this alleged debt?

4.
I found that was odd ; when I'd reviewed my report on XX/XX/2022 without issue.
There is so many scammers out there plus they do n't even answer their phone by stating the company name.
He continues to call and demand payment and has stated that the loan must have been sold and that I had additional payments to make.
In accordance with the Fair Credit Reporting act.
This started in XXXX.
SMS provided the initial 3-month forbearance with little difficulty, however when I applied for a continuation of the forbearance agreement I was met with obstacle after obstacle, obfuscation of what was required of me and continued confusion about documents required and received.
As a result, the only indication that I received that my loan was now being administered by First Horizon was that I had a hit on my credit report for a delinquent loan.
On XX/XX/XXXX i received a letter from First Progress XXXX XXXX XXXX. 


They stated that they did not have the insurance information which is untrue because it was presented in the emergency room.
I eventually and still do think I have a split file..
Once I saw that the bonus points were not showing as either awarded or pending, I contacted Amex by phone and a case was opened.
Without providing any proof, GM Financial has claimed I owed additional money after I paid every written invoice provided.
( 1 )
XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX, TX XXXX ( XXXX ) XXXX.
Going into professional school, I was told that there were really no repayment options like deferment or forbearance because I waited too long to return to school.
It is confidential information. 

At no time XXXX now XXXX XXXX   validated or send me a verifiable payment history with Ocwen servicing Loan.
The issue here is that I have been wronged by XXXX along with numerous other establishments and their flagrant misrepresentations.
I called Equifax and was told to mail in a copy of my social security card and drivers license to Equifax Security Freeze Department ( I mean seriously, do they want my identity stolen? ).
I look forward to a speedy resolution to this matter. 


I was transferred to a manager who informed me that he could not provide that information to me.
I have a mortgage with PennyMac Loan Services LLC.
It is the direct result of the numerous Equifax breaches and them leaking information to sell identity theft products.
I would like this removed from all major credit bureaus immediately.
My credit is showing me that these accounts are still listed on my credit and Ive asked you to remove them permanently.
Not even pending.
I called them.
I dont know this company and I do not recall ever having this debt and appears to be fraud, see attached FTC Report.
they cite frivolous and non relevant justifications : a computer chip and a need to " ... dispute closer to the receipt date ''??????
There was a false flag on the payee account that we send our funds to which belongs to us, that millions of others use and that brokerage holds over several billion in assets.
i paid XXXX on XXXX by direct withdrawal and then XXXX started the XXXX a month auto withdrawal.. the pandemic hit
The balance reported did not show the payments made even though I did make a payment on XX/XX/XXXX.
In either event, XXXX XXXX has been reporting this account in a negative status for a minimum of 90 months.
It's now XX/XX/XXXX and I still have not been contacted by anybody, not even to say that my case will be looked at eventually.
To hear staff and managers be this inconsiderate and tone deaf to our society and what we are going through was extremely sad and disgusting behavior. 


Please see the attached copy of my utility bill for your reference.
I told them I could do a payment plan and they were trying to get me to pay a lump sum- this was in XXXX.
He/Him ) XXXX AM pls unlock my account so i can get access to my funds it says to call
In this analysis, they are charging us with {$14000.00} as the county tax considering that XXXX XXXX is sending us copies of our annual property tax bill of {$3300.00}.
After all of my hard work to make a better life for myself and my family, I am unable to purchase a home because of these negative reports.
We are acclimatedto paying rent and our other cost of living bills, as well.
XXXX XXXX repeatedly denied the existence of any hardships and stated repeatedly that no modification would be approved.
XXXX v. Kentucky That limitation [ upon the power to tax ] is, that the agencies of the Federal government are only exempted from state legislation, so far as that legislation may interfere with, or impair their efficiency in performing the functions by which they are designed to serve that government. ''
First off, we are from XXXX.
Last I spoke to their agents on Friday, XX/XX/XXXX
How this will benefit you is I will not post on social media about this period I can sign a NDA if you would like.
They reversed the charge, but they did not return the money to my credit line.
I don't want this service and was tricked into signing up for it due to their misleading use of hyperlinks. 


Adding insult to injury, their online dispute process is flawed ( by design, i'm sure ).
I called Conn 's again on XX/XX/2021 to confirm my account would be paid in full before the expiration date of XX/XX/2021.
I signed and returned on XX/XX/XXXX.
XXXX XXXX XXXX states they never purchased my vehicle contract and has been reporting on my credit report.
It's an outright lie and falls flat when I say it is the same address of my business account that I've has with them for years.
but I took up the payments on the car loan.
This is a breach of trust and failure to investigated reported debts and uphold accurate credit reporting rules as is required by credit reporting agencies.
I have been a high net worth customer of JPMorgan Chase Bank with a relationship spanning over 30+ years.
They are not going to foreclose on our house for now if we can keep up the payments.
Now, I'm getting messages from XXXX XXXX XXXX app for every transaction I make through PayPalXXXX those that are made outside of XXXX that have nothing to do with XXXX.
You simply can not get Experian on the phone... they've set their phone menu up to direct you to their website in EVERY CASE. 


The History on my account shows these funds were transferred out of my account without my permission within 5 minutes of my password hack, so there is a digital fingerprint.
I asked them for a confirmation number, they said they do not not provide XXXX. 


With all my formal requests I was never provided any verifiable documents that supports company 's claim ; therefore according to the above statue my dispute has merits and should promptly and immediately be deleted.
In accordance with the Fair Credit Reporting Act XXXX  Account # XXXX ( XXXX XXXX  ), has violated my rights. 

I asked to speak with someone else who could expedite the repayment of the fee and was told there was no one else to talk with and that they might get the fee repaid to be in 45 to 60 days. 

XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXXXXXX XXXX XXXXXXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXXXXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX
However, I was informed I needed to send in a copy of each of my children 's social security cards, birth certificates, and a copy of my driver 's license. 


A consumer reporting agency may decline to block, or may rescind any block, of information relating to a consumer under this section, if the consumer reporting agency reasonably determines that ( A ) the information was blocked in error or a block was requested by the consumer in error ; ( B ) the information was blocked, or a block was requested by the consumer, on the basis of a material misrepresentation of fact by the consumer relevant to the request to block ; or ( C ) the consumer obtained possession of goods, services, or money as a result of the blocked transaction or transactions.
After being contacted by XXXX  three times, the last being XXXX, Toyota Motor Credit Co ( Account XXXX ) refuses to remove reference to Chapter XXXX filed over seven years ago.
They don't do it and when you call them they deny that there needs to be a change.
Even though I explained my situation to them they continued to call me every day claiming they needed a resolution with the debt.
I currently have two accounts reporting on my TransUnion credit profile with the XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX.
The first indication I had that the house was in foreclosure was when I was served with the court documents indicating that there was a sale date for my home. 

This account is past these limits and also this was reported without my knowledge.
when I tried to get it cancelled and refunded at the store they refused saying it was too late and I had to wait to cancel.     
XXXX XXXX XXXX referred me to MY bank 5th 3rd who put the {$100.00} back in my DDA only to withdraw it a few weeks later because XXXX XXXX XXXX replied to their inquiry by stating the ATM dispensed the money that day. 


None of these things were brought to my attention during the many hours I spent on the phone about this matter.
In effect, & in law we had a NEW contract agreement with a NEW USAA contract number.
Policy states.
Also, nowhere else on that page does it mention that payment as being suspended ( please see the screenshot attached ). 

He stated, I will go and tell them, as they went to the back with the check.
I have been a victim of identity theft
We are only sharing this story in the hopes that other consumers become aware and AVOID PNC.
I am extremely disappointed with how equifax has handled reporting this breach.
XXXX XXXX is listed 9 times 1.
On XX/XX/XXXX, XXXX - XXXX XXXX add a hard inquiriy on my credit report per XXXX.


I have submitted it at least 10 times in the past year to XXXX which fails to yield results and they do not notify me that they are refusing to block the information.
Upon calling to appeal this, we were advised the sole basis for this determination was that two of these three locations were in our purchase history and were asked why we did not have video footage collected from the stores, however stores do not release video to civilians and as noted, we were not advised this would be necessary.
My information was used to obtain an apartment, cell phone, and an auto loan with my ex-partner.
I felt I had no choice, although I felt this was very wrong.
The account type is incorrect. 


I sent a debt validation letter 120 days ago asking for this company to provide me with proof that I own this debt, and they have failed to respond.
XX/XX/XXXX this year i called BMO Harris Bank Cash Back credit card to order paper check for the negative amount of {$190.00} ( see attachment ) /
I have informed Wells Fargo via telephone when spoken with them via fax and they the united postal service which Ive sent a letter informing them of such unauthorized uses on my account and to restrict such charges from the merchant by hello fresh.
Please investigate these bureaus and have them delete these fraud accounts from my report.
Do not reply back to this complaint with a copy/paste of my last complaints.
XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX, GA XXXX Experian Dispute Department XXXX.
I ordered a copy of my report in
According to my math, I have been overcharged interest and cash advance fee in the area of approximately XXXX.
( C ) Limitations on extension of period to reinvestigate Subparagraph ( B ) shall not apply to any reinvestigation in which, during the 30-day period described in subparagraph ( A ), the information that is the subject of the reinvestigation is found to be inaccurate or incomplete or the consumer reporting agency determines that the information can not be verified. 


As the Federal Trade Commission struggles every year with maintaining the integrity of the credit community, from filing charges against illegal collection practices that abuse against the Fair Credit Reporting Act ( FCRA ) and The Fair and Accurate Credit Transactions Act ( FACTA ), bigger problems have evolved that may never be addressed without Congressional overhaul on current legislation.
It appears very little has been done.
XXXX, XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX Inquiry : XXXX.
I have followed on XX/XX/XXXX to XXXX, however no XXXX response my calls. 


THEY ALSO VIOLATED MY RIGHTS UNDER 15 U.S.C 1681 SECTION 602 A. STATES I HAVE THE RIGHT TO PRIVACY 15 U.S.C 1681 SECTION 604 SECTION 2.
Experian deleted this information in XX/XX/XXXX but then allowed XXXX to furnish the erroneous information in my credit file again without notifying me.
Around XXXX of 2017, I lost my wallet and my personal information was used fraudulently.
When I called to inquire, and spoke to a supervisor, I was told that XXXX 's policy is to only contact the owner of the account, which is EOS, and EOS said the debt was valid.
I, am so upset and stressed they caused me all these problems, changed my acct number, at Social Security, They have voice mail on there main phone about Scammers pretending to be with Social Security, INTERNET KILLING THIS COUNTRY.also filed Complaint with XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX and XXXX  XXXX, Ca # XXXX as stated earlier also on online FBI IC3 Unit did not get a Case # just a response complaint filed. 


She told me she would refund the charges.
My address XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX, XXXX XXXX XXXX, FL XXXX
I must say, I have worked with many financial companies and I rigorously keep track of my payments and credit score.
There is some confusion because they repeatedly tried getting the payment through the bank, even though I told them not to.
I call again, and get to tier 3 tech support who has the same issue and claims to put a ticket in to have me alerted when the system is working. 


this collection account popped up on my credit report.
In the agreement I would receive a financial settlement and in paragraph 3 XXXX would remove all entries regarding the account from the credit bureaus.
My husband called on XXXX/XXXX/16 and left a message for our account manager and has not received a call back either.
I was told to renew my XXXX plan.
The agent, XXXX # XXXX told me that if I paid the account off in full, I could then submit a " credit bureau dispute '' to their office, at fax # XXXX and request a deletion, after which they would delete the account.
Acct
I am demanding that I be sent the original documentation that has the account information so that I may file a proper police report. 


They told me everything was there and to wait 2 weeks for the documents to process and for them to repeal the check on my credit. 


I do not  want to lose my home.
Our mixed credit report is blocking me from being able to change my last name ( to my husband 's ), as well as preventing our ability to buy a home.
Called to schedule payment and gave them the account information and the account number wasnt correct and the payment never went through agent was working remotely and had terrible phone service I requested them to fix this and they never did.
If you choose to not block the items listed below which is reporting inaccurately due to identity theft, I will be handing my documents over to my attorney to start a legal action.
gas money, grocery money or medial expense money, I am XXXX and this was an extreme stress for us.
In accordance with the fair credit Reporting Act XXXX XXXX XXXX Account Number XXXX has violated my rights. 

You have humiliated me, ruined my credit and embarrass me. 

They told me the process would take 72 hours.
Sections 609 ( a ) ( 1 ) ( A ) and 611 ( a ) ( 1 ) require the 3 credit bureaus to validate these accounts ( A ).
BofA is being unethical there, but strictly speaking they do disclose their bait and switch somewhere ( even though not where they say they do ).
I have had to spend a significant amount of time in order to rectify this situation that was created by the mortgage servicing company.
The information this account reports is outdated and inaccurate!
I want the account balance to be updated.
XXXX XXXXXXXX had their coaching team contact me and we set up coaching sessions with XXXX.
I don't have any options.
A hard inquiry was made on my behalf and I have knowledge or anything of this information.
On XX/XX/XXXX, I received a text message from Veterans United Home Loans saying that I started my home loan process with them.
Also, my real name is XXXX XXXX XXXX I need XXXX, XXXX, and Transunion to investigate with each company.
Please be advised that i am disputing these collections due to the fact that the collections agency ( XXXX XXXX XXXX & MIDLAND FUNDING LLC ) does not currently have a valid license in FLORIDA to collect on debts.
I am the employer.
Discovering this, I believe that these inquiries are in fact affecting my credit score and therefore is contrary to credit Karma 's advertisement.
Now I have been denied an auto loan, and multiple credit cards. 

I am offended that this debt hasnt been removed and I have received documents that are clearly altered and edited.
Notice is to be sent to me with, at least, a 25 day notice before the payment change date, XXXX.
I found out it was never done and I no longer have insurance.
He told me I needed to check with the other 2 people on the acct ending in XXXX.
The application was denied for " signing up for XXXX credit cards in the past 2 years '' -- a falsehood ( I have only signed up for XXXX ).
5. XXXX, I sent and added credit report image from XXXX  showing the each entry side by side with clear errors, still no change. 


I presume that no proof of the alleged debt, nor therefore any such debt, in face therefore exists. ''
Likewise, these COLLECTION ACCOUNTS are also not mine.
Nothing happened - however they happily continued to charge fees to the account and overdraw it in the amount of {$310.00}.
I recently received a letter from BOA that appears to threaten my right to continue to file disputes with my BOA credit card. 

XXXX.
No apology, no explanation, nothing. 

.This was a fist step towards attempting resolution.
They stated that I should not have been charged a fee for this assistance.
To Whom It May Concern, we have been fighting Nationstar Mortgage LLC, hereafter referred to as Nationstar, for the better part of the past 2 years.
The homeowners association also has never made such a requiremnent.
Greentree calls up to XXXX times a day every month.
I have been fighting with them for 2 years now.
Financial Injury
so I just assumed XXXX would do the same but the bank pretty much told me it was not their problem and gave me no instructions on where to go so I had to start googling things which is how I found this CFPB site as well as the XXXX scam site.
However, Remitlys personnel informed that due to their internal policies the funds would not be refunded to my account until 10 business days.
Sharing this information has caused a tremendous amount of issues in my life. 


It is not permissible to fail to validate these reporting accounts as unverified information without providing any proof within the time frame specified by law.
XXXX stated in writing that I could cancel the service at any time without penalty of early termination fees.
XXXX reaffirms their reporting, despite simultaneously reporting that the account has XXXX balance and XXXX  credit available since XXXX, and that there has been no balance nor any credit availability for a decade.
Date reported 8.
Fast forward 1week to XX/XX/2022, and i've found that both of my CHASE credit card accounts have been closed.
They took a decision on my bank account without giving me any reason on the claim and took money out of my account and gave it to the third party and then asked me to take it up in the court of law. 


XXXX is the supervisor for SPS ( Select Portfolio Service.
I filed for modification filed application & provided all requested documents to my lender Mr. COOPER.
It is suffice to say that no real attempt was made to contact me, as XXXX was fully informed of and acknowledged my schedule and my cooperation. 


I do have the lien realease and now I have to go request a new title and spend more time on this.
This is despite the U.S. District Court prohibiting Bank of America from freezing EDD debit card accounts : - XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXXXXXX
We can't go in and clear anything ''
( a ) ( 5 ) Section States : no consumer reporting agency may make any consumer report containing any of the following items of information Any other adverse item of information, other than records of convictions of crimes which antedates the report by more than seven years.


XXXX XXXX XXXX XX/XX/XXXX MOBILOANS LLC DES : DEBIT XXXX INDN : XXXX, XXXX CO ID :
I am a XXXX employee who has been making payments under one of the income driven repayment plans since XXXX of 2009.
I accessed my credit report and saw that there were at least XXXX social security numbers that I did not recognize associated with my name.
Subject to subsection ( e ), any consumer reporting agency may furnish a consumer report under the following circumstances and no other : ( F ) otherwise has a legitimate business need for the information ( i ) in connection with a business transaction that is initiated by the consumer.
The account number for this account is XXXXMy name is XXXX XXXXMy Social is XXXX. 


Have them remove these.
The inquiry was not authorized XXXX Date of inquiry : XX/XX/2022 Delete this account. 

I did not receive the {$150.00} bonus.
She asked me if I was calling about my Southwest card!
Ally Financial is my lender.
why would they reach out to me? 

Date Merchant/Operation Amount Reason for dispute XX/XX/2022 Cash Withdrawal {$8500.00} This transaction was not carried out by me or with my consent XX/XX/2022 Cash Withdrawal {$19000.00} This transaction was not carried out by me or with my consent XX/XX/2022 Transfer made in a branch {$2800.00} This transaction was not carried out by me or with my consent.
I have disputed public records that are displayed on Credit report from the Credit reporting agencies.
Within 48 hours, I advised Wells Fargo, which stated they would send a " claim packet '' that would arrive within 5 business days.
Debt from original creditors transferred to collections ( IC Systems ) prior to 180 days.
They not only put it in writing 1 time, but 4 times ( see attached ) assuring us not to worry about any late payments & advising it would not impact credit.
When I call them they tell me that the sent a statement over the weekend ( XX/XX/14 )
Additionally, this was a PAID IN FULL charge-off. 


I received your response in my complaint # XXXX
These inquiries occurred on two different dates XXXX XX/XX/XXXX & XXXX XXXX ) in a state/s where I do not reside.
XXXX XXXX.XXXX XXXX is joining the chat. 

Again, COMPLIANCE of APPROPRIATE COLLECTION PRACTICES and equally COMPLIANCE of APPROPRIATE and COMPLETE REPORTING PRACTICES is MANDATORY, NOT OPTIONAL.

6 ) As it stands, until PROVEN OTHERWISE, the complaining to-be Plaintiff ( s ) does so unjustly, unethically, and likely illegally so in absolute deficiency of requisite legal standing in full accordance of applicable laws ( mentioned or not ), both to collection practices and as well with reporting practices, particularly in the inability or unwillingness to timely and fully certify physically verifiable document proof in full validity of debt claim or compliance of reporting, even to the mandatory Metro 2 format.
i have not given these accounts ( below )
I am being deceived and harassed.
What the heck is going on here.
Our current relationship manager is : XXXX XXXX - My complaint about XXXX is that she does n't seem to take my concerns seriously.
I responded to the XX/XX/20 demand letter by placing a letter in the mail on XX/XX/20 ( attached ) disputing this alleged debt and requesting validation under Fair Debt Collection Practices Act, 15 USC 1692g Sec. 809
I was entitled to a refund on the annual fee of {$85.00} assessed earlier. 


In XXXX there were withdrawals again from ATM machine, I filed a dispute which you wait a minimum of XXXX up to XXXX for their off shore Fraud Department to process the claim they denied the claim..
Take action immediately you are in violation. 


Recently, I received another debt collection notice from Frost-Arnett Company dated XX/XX/XXXX for the same amount.
XXXX XXXX XXXX has reported that I owe {$5900.00}
In XX/XX/XXXX, I asked you to remove the late payment status on my credit report for XX/XX/XXXX, which you stated " we have an obligation to ensure data we furnish to consumer reporting agencies is accurate ''.
I did not request this, they said well you have to wait XXXX
due to my condition a modification was negotiated with Ocwen loan Servicing LLc in XXXX with a deferred {$XXXX} at loan term in XXXX.
from XXXX XXXX XXXX to represent him for a Loan Modification with XXXX.
Somebody stole the check from them and encashed it in Well Fargo.
I paid the annual fee on XX/XX/XXXX and charged {$2300.00} to the card ( this is twice the required amount ) .on
In my credit report Trans union company changes my address every month.
What isnt that illegal?
I submitted all of the information.
I have all of this documented via email and my checking account transactions.
no help.
XXXX Balance : {$110.00} XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX
I waited another day, calling on XX/XX/XXXX.
XXXX XXXX XXXX Account # XXXX
For your protection, names are typically not disputable online.
I paid {$50.00} via XXXX on XX/XX/XXXX, did not receive the promised item, then immediately called my bank ( WF ) to stop the transfer ( it didnt go through until days later on XX/XX/XXXX ).
Contrary to these assertions, by failing to update previously reported information, XXXX is in violation of Section 623 ( a ) ( 2 ) of the FCRA. 

Ramifications of the offer included within 45 calendar days, transfer {$75000.00} or more in new qualifying money to a combination of eligible checking, savings or investment accounts ( INCLUDING THE YOU INVESTMENT BROKERAGE ACCOUNT ) and maintain that balance for at least 90 days. 

Told me I would have to go to court to pay court costs and lose my car which they knew the exact car I have.
XXXXXXXXover 4 years now!!! 


THIS VICTIM ALERT WILL BE MAINTAINED FOR SEVEN YEARS BEGINNING XXXX.
XXXX, XXXX SOC SEC # XXXX DOB XX/XX/1964 ADDRESS XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX, XXXX, FL XXXX TODAYS DATE:XXXX AFNI, XXXX XXXX
They also have made false and misleading statements.
XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX, OH
In conclusion I have shown you and you have been put on notice that you are reporting inaccurate information.
On XX/XX/2021 apparently there is a minimum finance charge and a late fee assessed to the {$1.00} which brought it to XXXX.
Caller name : XXXX XXXX-impersonating XXXX County state employee XXXX said it was from Regional Processing LLC regarding breach of contract
At the time I had no medical insurance and was not working outside of my home.
We got in to a Loan Modification with XXXX XXXX XXXX on property located at XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX, XXXX XXXX, CA XXXX on XXXX XXXX, 2011 for a fix interest rate of 2 % for the remaning of the note.
All this situation is lowering my FICO Score in a very bad way.
On  XXXX   XXXX ,  XXXX , I owned a property located at  XXXX   XXXX   XXXX   XXXX , NJ  XXXX .    
Took 3 1/2 months to process loans without any reason and lack communications during.
I agreed I owe this amount but they are saying I owe XXXX.
Red flag number two!!
Please actually ready all Correspondence and remove this fraudulent account
That 's another {$90.00} of " maintenance '' fees.
The refinance would have the other costs associated with the transaction that are required lender, title, appraisal, etc ... ..


EQUIFAX only send letters of confirmation. 


This issue is an existing problem which Equifax wasn't able to resolve.. Government funded loans are not allowed to be reported, this is a clear violation of the FCRA.Their investigation did not fix the account.
It's a sheeted site I can get into that is connected to XXXX XXXX
XXXX XXXX had no record of the transaction and confirmed there was sufficient funds.
The payments should be the same, as they have been made on the same payment account. 


I was so upset I called in to Citibank XXXX XXXX spoke with XXXX XXXX Missouri XXXX
Due to their intentional practice of using an address I have not resided at since XXXX, I was never given the opportunity to address the matter as legally provided.
I called the phone number listed for XXXX XXXX & they stated since I had copied by fax the issue to CFPB this morning then they could n't discuss it further & that I should work thru CFPB for a resolution. 

Not being satisfied with XXXX response, I requested to speak to his supervisor.
On XX/XX/XXXX I found that the mortage company loandepot had sent XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX to my house.
I do not feel I am responsible for the overdraft fees ( especially when my account shows they were withdrawn ) when the purchases made prior to the atm withdraw were clearly covered do to the deposit on XXXX XXXX and these transactions were made prior to XXXX XXXX.
Regarding fraud, it specifically says 'If your Bluebird Card is lost or stolen, we protect you against fraudulent purchases. '
its been almost 30days and collection items are still on my credit report i have letter stating that they will remove it what we agreed on and i also have proof of bank statement with payment has been sent. 


This also cost me a lower credit limit, denied credit and limit increase and a denied auto loan. 


CFPB please step up and delete this ASAP, this is very exhausting, nobody wants to grant me a loan because of this. 


XXXX
15 U.S.C 1666B :
My scores with the other CRAs are XXXX - XXXX and XXXX XXXX XXXX .
but I know this is just a stall tactic they are using because I have proof and transmission receipts from CFPB including my drivers license, my social security card, and my proof of address. 

Not sure why Chase has literally refused to update my credit report as all I do is continue to do business with them.
They were off all 3 company reports for few months before reappearing on all except XXXX XXXX.
If, once your investigation is complete, you find my allegation to be true, please remove the unauthorized inquiry and send me an updated copy of my credit report at the address listed above. 


Please take a look at the attached letters and ID docs for verification that it is I XXXX XXXX filing this complaint.
I was very upset and said to them '' Do NOT ''
I was advised to do so by the financial aid departments in all XXXX of the Universities I attended.
[ Then what is the point of having " Add Money '' from a linked bank account?
I had a {$7000.00} XXXX XXXX with XXXX XXXX which never exceeded {$6400.00}.
Why does pnc not respond to any concerns? 


The below listed accounts by the Original Creditors, who have reported these accounts within my credit reports, were not opened by me.
XXXX XXXX XXXX.
So instead I will struggle and at some point not be able to pay.
Equifax neglected to inform consumers about the data breach.
My home went into foreclosure.
There has been previous take down requests to which they have replied, done so, and resubmitted the debt.
This serves as notice of pending legal action, meaning it is illegal to delete or destroy that phone call or any other records. 

Please send me an updated and accurate statement and BLOCK the account.
On XX/XX/XXXX i recieved my tax refund to my Citibank account.
At this time Im only requesting that they zero out my account and repair my credit report they damaged as I refuse to pay a fraudulent company.
XXXX my current and authorized account and XXXX an the unauthorized and fraudulent account that is being actively updated in my credit report monthly BY USAA.
He said yes.
As a result of this false information in my record, I've been embarrassed, as any check that I present to a retailer is being declined due to this information in my record.
Call or write to us by XX/XX/XXXX, to dispute all or part of the debt.
I sent a debt validation letter to Waypoint Resource Group on XX/XX/2019 via certified mail.
Then on XXXX/XXXX/16 they came to repo my car and come to find out the bank teller applied my {$530.00} to the wrong account ( my personal Wellsfargo loan instead of my automobile loan ).
Then I was asked by CommonBond to do a " hard '' credit pull to dial in on the exact interest rate for my loan.
To my knowledge, I have not signed any documents authorizing your organization to view my credit history therefore, your inquiry into my credit report violates the Fair Credit Reporting Act, Section 1681b ( c ) :
I took more than XXXX days to receive the reinstatement quote
My confirmation number for my disputes are XXXX .I explained I may be a victim of identity theft however they are still reporting negative.
I sincerely appreciate your swift response to this very important matter as I attempt to put my financial life back together. 


I hope there is someway to fight the late payments filed to creditors since I work very hard to my debts and maintain a healthy credit score.
This date shall be based only on the DOFD on the account with the original creditor and not on any other date related to the collection, such as the open date of the collection.
This is causing me anguish and its slandering my good name.
As well as XXXX XXXX, XXXX, XXXX  XXXX XXXX XXXX, XXXX XXXX XXXX  XXXX XXXX XXXX Have XXXX my rights In accordance with the fair credit reporting act 15USC 1666B : A creditor may not treat a payment on a credit card account under an open-end consumer credit plan as a late for any purpose. 


I contacted the Court and they informed me that they do not have a Bankruptcy that matches my ID. 


Second, you are reporting the current status to be Bad debt/Collection when in fact this account was PAID and closed, where is the closed date?
For 13 years my loans sat and accumulated interest.
Ever since I've been with Freedom they have been literally hounding me to refinance by sending two big packets, calling and sending notices to me! 

XXXX XXXX I, XXXX XXXX believes in the credit reporting system as the most important element to the success of the commercial banking system.
On XX/XX/XXXX I had got a bunch of fraudulent charges on this account.
I was treated like a delinquent customer with a past due bill.
This was confirmed, but I continued to receive bills.
I am writing about an account which reports from XXXX, It is reporting different data for each bureau.
XXXX. 


Under the FCRA 15 U.S.C. 1681i, all unverified accounts must be promptly deleted.
No accounts are in delinquency.
I had student loans I had in XXXX.
Then the problem : a dispute between Bank of America and XXXX XXXX about who has XXXX lien position.
Reporting of this debt is a violation of the FCRA and the FDCPA.


OH XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX, XXXX, OH
15 U.S.C 1681 Section 604
( d ) CONSUMER REPORT. 

The XXXX XXXX on XXXX has their hours being open until XXXX 7 days a week.
I have made every payment on time as proved by my credit reports from all the reporting agencies.
I've reached out to Experian and this company no matter how many times I call, or police reports I file, will not remove these items from my report that don't even have my social!They are putting items from another person with another social on my report.
This company pulled a copy of my credit file and they are refusing to remove this inquiry with Transunion credit reporting agency.
Ditech is not responsive, and it is purposely choosing to keep my in forbearance when I have asked countless times to remove me.
My company then sent the Wire per the attached payoff and received the attached wire confirmation on XX/XX/XXXX.
A company name XXXX XXXXXXXX has put a false and negative collection on my credit report.
This information does not relate to [ transactions that I have made/accounts that I have opened ], as the attached supporting documentation can attest.
I have over 200 pages of docs and email stating we must close or face a $ XXXX  IRS bill.
.This was a fist step towards attempting resolution.
There was negative information on my credit report at the time ( a bankruptcy filed XX/XX/XXXX ), however, my credit limit increase was approved.
The following items need to be removed and blocked as they are fraudulent. 

I came across this law today and according to the Per FCRA 605B ( 15 U.S.C. 1681c-2 ), the Credit Reporting Agencies are required to remove any accounts and information not later than 4 business days after XX/XX/2022.
I received emails from the following ; XXXXXXXX XXXX, XXXX, XXXX, XXXX. 


Please take into account all the laws that violated my rights as a consumer below.
A creditor may not treat a payment on a credit card count under an open end consumer credit plan as late for any purpose
Although I have a credit FICO score of around 780, i was still charged a 5 % interest fee on the loan
I dont know what kind of document is considered substantial to Citibank?
In response to the continuous block of our accounts and transactions, I have submitted the documents requested to Western Union and I keep being blocked from sending money transfers.
My name is XXXX XXXX
The new lending agent asked us to contact VU to have them transfer the appraisal, to which they agreed if we would sign an Intent to Proceed ( ITP ) and pay for the appraisal.
You can still avoid escalation and clear your balance, but this offer is only available until XX/XX/XXXX. 


Then they closed my account after many late fees and interest and reported my account to the credit agencies. 

Nothing is owed and nothing was ever owed.
The branch examined our two ( 2 ) forms of IDs, which was our chase credit card and driver license.
UNACCEPTABLE. 


but no guarantee this would happen.48 hrs for Credit Bureaus to update.
We returned a leased vehicle and got another XXXX except it was under my name.
it should be removed due to consistent errors in reporting.this includes 2 other accounts under this name XXXX, 2 accounts included in bankruptcy, however bureau contacted the oriinal creditor to report balances, terms, payment history, type of account etc.
I asked why I wasnt informed, no one called me.
I explained to her that I had been into my local branch BMO XXXX XXXX and my issues are still unresolved, she stated that she would look into this and call be right back she never returned my phone until after I called her back almost 24 hours later ( what about to Customer Service and Integrity ) After speaking with her on the next day I was informed that BMO Harris system indicated that my actual physical card was swiped 6 days later in which it was not and then removed from my bank account 1 day later.
Can you please help with this situation.
Its been over 30 days so they should be deleted promptly.
The same person that have received my transfer 4 times is a fraudulent person that is scamming me because they have not deliver on their promise.
All of a sudden I find out that my account without prior notice whatsoever, has been blocked and locked.
HAD.PICKED IT UP
On multiple occasions I have had contact about this debt.
Have these following items be corrected and removed accordingly. 

We were advised if we resolved the insurance issue we could re-apply for a NEW loan.
XXXX XXXX XXXXXXXX 's actions also caused me extreme public humiliation and embarrassment as I was turned down by these banks and had to suffer during and after conversation. 


please help me because this seems like a case of them not being honest in their dealings.
I reached out to them and informed them that it was an error on their part, however no investigation was done and I was stuck with a bad reporting even though I never took this class, I asked to speak to a XXXX or supervisor no one responded.
I tried to call, the hours for today, close at XXXX.
I requested a dispute .the credit reporting agency Equifax stated the information was verified.
Equifax which has collected mass amounts of personal information has been breached and this information was shared against my knowledge or consent.
Please block this account from my report so I can breathe again.
I did not have any experience in the XXXX field and on top of that there were literally thousands of people being talked into these training programs because of the poor economy and fear they needed to retrain so they could get a job.
XXXX of the inquiries is from XXXX, in which it was a fraudulent matter and a Customer Service Specialist from XXXX Consumer Dispute Verifications XXXX department, mailed a formal letter - dated XX/XX/2017 - requesting a removal from both XXXX and XXXX.
I was transferred to the collection department and the operator told me the payments were late and they were not taking them off my credit reports.
I had a savings account with Chase Bank & they closed my account due to no activity that I was unaware of.
I have repeatedly disputed said unlawful duplicate reporting of my student debt to CRAs and XXXX, to no avail.
XXXX houses, my next door neighbor and XXXX houses down, have sold for greater than XXXX.
This was not sent in error XXXX XXXX XXXX  consumer by law at XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX  misused at XXXX  
To summarize this made us uncomfortable and against his stern verbalization not to, my spouse terminated his original application for the secondary home.
Yesterday XXXX they called me 3 times.
I was very polite to them.
15 U.S.C 1681 section 602 A. States I have the right privacy.


I sent a letter to XXXX XXXX XXXX on XX/XX/2021, requesting information and documents to show VALIDATION of the alleged debt but they didn't provide the requested proof within the required 30 days, making their claim nullified and void.
I know typically the vehicle is sold at auction, but Nissan is reporting the full balance to my credit reports which is incorrect.
Be advised that the description of the procedure used to determine the accuracy and completeness of the information is hereby requested, to be provided within fifteen ( 15 ) days of the completion of your re-investigation.
The company stated in the communication that the consumer owed a debt violating 15 U.S.C. 1692b ( 2 ).
This means that you are reporting incorrect account information within my credit report.
These are the items I demand to be deleted immediately XXXX XXXX ( XXXX ) -
I did thorough research myself & found no items removed & still found many inaccuracies on my credit report even after they did careful research. 


Upon obtaining my credit reports again after her response, I still have several inaccuracies being reported across the three credit bureaus.
I asked them through their rep  XXXX  to provide me with paperwork showing my signature authorizing procedures or patient paperwork.
The MIP is listed as one of my closing costs which they state can not be removed.
been paying minimum or more monthly pymts.
I am attaching XXXX documents with the same account number from 3 different reporting agencies
It is convenient that the loan went into underwriting after my months of questioning the process and financial data on the day a supervisor was supposed to call me to discuss the months of problems.
I called them about this matter and they said there was n't any record of this in there system, even though they are reporting these 13 inquiries again.
I hereby mark you as likely one that I might one day view in civil discord as the " would be plaintiffs '', yet I declare to you your unjust claim is to be met with deliberate and determined resistance and counteraction.
XX/XX/XXXX- XX/XX/XXXXXXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX {$1300.00} XX/XX/XXXXXXXX XXXX XXXX {$410.00} CAPITAL XXXX XX/XX/XXXXXXXX {$680.00} XX/XX/XXXX {$4300.00} Supporting documents are enclosed with this letter.
The other 2 accounts are only being reported in my online MyEquifax account.
However, I'm not able to do that due to this issue.
Customer service would not let me through to fraud so I talked to them.
I 'm
I sent out my own letter not using a third party " credit repair '' service.
This is NOT my email address.
This is not a duplicate nor is this complaint filed by a third party.
I have never borrowed or done any business with XXXX XXXX XXXX.
I receive a cat, and am concerned about the fact that she's drinking/XXXX  excessively ( literally drinking a half-gallon per day ).
I went up to the Wellsfargo on XXXX on XXXX/XXXX/16 withdrew {$200.00} to pay my automobile loan and was told by the teller that I did not have to pay because the money was scheduled to come out automatically.
I was very foolish.
XXXX they are still reporting inaccurately.
I did have a direct tv account, but it was paid in full and the box was mailed back.
I have proven a reduction in income and fluctuating income.
As a consumer., I could never be denied credit regardless of any score.
When I refused they told me.
I paid my XXXX payment on XX/XX/XXXX because they said they could n't get the money because I did n't put the correct account number which I know I did.
XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX, XXXX, OH XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX , XXXX, OH XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX, XXXX, OH XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX, XXXX, OH XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX , XXXX, OH XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX, XXXX, OH XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX, XXXX, OH XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX , XXXX, OH XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX, XXXX, OH XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX, XXXX, OH XXXX
XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX 15 U.S.C 1681 section 602 A states I have the right to privacy.


The attempt to criminalize me and insinuate fraud was depressing and caused me unnecessary anxiety.
I plan to purchase a home and with inaccurate information reporting on my credit will make it seem like I 'm in a financial struggle which is n't the case.
Last month, my wife and I applied for a loan for solar panels.
The most recent hold was placed on my deposit of {$690.00} on XX/XX/20. 

PLEASE UPDATE THIS ACCOUNT FROM MY CREDIT REPORT : XXXX XXXX
This is extremely negligent and a slap in the face because I was just a victim of identity fraud.
Identify the date of the last payment made on this account.
We relied in earnest on their rate lock.
Section 611 ( a ), it is plainly stated that failure to investigate these items within 30 days gives a reason to immediately remove those items from my credit report, it has been over 30 days so they should be deleted promptly.
I had left my husband due to safety issues that no one understood.
This lady has harassed me for over a month now.
It is now XXXX, four years later and I received a voicemail from a third party collector with a case file # threatening to show up to my old address that I no longer live at to be served papers if I did not call them back or to my place of employment.
I ask Experian to remove items from my credit I furnished a police report my ID SS Card everything they ask for all items were removed except for XXXX its not mine I fueled the report with police ask for it to be taken off and the 46 inquieries which none of which havent been removed either.
The consent order addresses XXXX systemic misconduct at every stage of the mortgage servicing process.
The checks were in the amounts of {$13000.00} and XXXX respectively.
Reminder : You are currently reviewing your XXXX  Credit Report.
I received an email from XXXX on XX/XX/XXXX indicating the refund had been processed.
After submitting a complaint to the CFPB, # XXXX, ADP responded XXXX paying a portion of the outstanding payments to the IRS and California XXXX XXXX Department XXXX XXXX.
Once I was transferred to XXXX ID # XXXX
Within 1 month of purchasing the vehicle the car started acting funny.
I put money into the cleaning, maintenance, and upgrade of a few things for sale.
XXXXAccount # XXXX XXXX inquiry was not authorized XXXX XXXX XXXX
Dear Transunion, I recently received a copy of my credit reports.
Mental Anguish 5.
I called XXXX XXXX XXXX on XX/XX/XXXX and was only able to leave a message.
XXXX Please remove it from my credit report. 

Admin called XXXX on XX/XX/XXXX spoke to Rep adv of what court stated and they were sending proof.
XXXX XXXX XXXX I would like to report that the 3 surety bonds they did obtain, were canceled in XX/XX/XXXX, XX/XX/XXXX, and XX/XX/XXXX and that they are currently in violation as they have been trying to collect on 3 accounts for myself since XX/XX/XXXX, ( 5 months ).


See Exhibit E. Therefore, the Complainant is very concern about her Equifax credit file XXXX Score of XXXX XXXX and XXXX ( XXXX ) points dated on XX/XX/XXXX, which had greatly and considerably decreased by ways of XXXX ( XXXX ) points :
3.
I reviewed this canned response and found it lacking and it included nothing I requested or asked for.
I immediately disputed this information with XXXX and the results of the investigation came back " verified ''.
XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX
It has been more than 2 weeks- I want this off!!!!!
He gave me an email address of XXXX.
they are causing me severe XXXX and stopping me from getting this job offer n now im XXXX  n cant provide to my XXXX year old daughter PLEASE HELP ME PLEASE im XXXX now.with
A client of mine had his company bank account compromised.
I also dont fully understand why XXXX needs to do XXXX credit inquiries for 1 sale.
Did they send documents?
My wife called the City of XXXX XXXX Fire Dept and, still XXXX I was transfered to XXXX XXXX City Hospital.
I was denied this loan and advised that a charged off account was added to my equifax credit report.
I didnt authorize this and want all previous charges refunded back on my account.
I get ONE CALL AND ONE MESSAGE BACK from him DURING THE HOURS
and if I was late, an interest charge of 29.99 % would be applied to this new large charge of {$33000.00} even though it was not late. 


They say no two factor authentication, to which I even sent them what they asked for ad copy of my driver license.
I WAS SHOCKED TO SEE THE PORTFOLIO ACCOUNT BE
I do not owe any one anything and I do not know who this company is or what this debt is about.
XXXX is an abusive company.
XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX, XXXX, OH
i was in a covid XXXX program with XXXX Mortgage that appears to be an interest increase trap as well as negatively impacting my credit score. 

I never had this account and I do not owe XXXX anything.
I sent another letter certified mail which they replied " debt validated already ''.
My correspondence was sent via delivery confirmation, which they received on XXXX. 


I call again  MARY JANE M.ELLIOT P.C ab out this letter and they said it was about your debt which you have paid and you are ok now.   
XX/XX/2020 I submitted a dispute threw XXXX and XXXX  about the collection I have on my credit report ; from Enhance Recovery Company, the collection agency for, the amount of {$1400.00}, from XXXX XXXX.
Pursuant, the Fair Debt Collections Practices Act Section 809, cease and desist the reporting of this item until you do so.
If you have any questions, please call us at XXXX. 


While providing a time and date for when the {$74.00} balance could be paid the collector made remarks regarding the guarantor 's children, specifically stating " I know you have XXXX kids and you clearly don't care about them since you won't pay this .... ''
This shows that this account is closed in XX/XX/XXXX to XX/XX/XXXX.
I was unaware of this debt for this outrageous amount ...
Thank you.
i have almost no debt and my identity was stolen causing my score to drop
They could care less.
15 U.S.C 1681 Section 604
I contacted Wells Fargo and filed a claim.
Meanwhile, PNC bank has {$2000.00} of my money that I did not authorize them to take from my account and I have no repercussions in knowing when they will be returned to me, if I will have my funds to pay the rest of my bills for the month and feed my family and I am left with no answers as to when or how my money that they took from me will be returned.
and I can not get it out because it does not show up, I'm going to go to Binance and tell them To do the web site over to show the withdraw but if they did not fix it by now they never will.
I was only given the XX/XX/XXXX balance.
Section 611 ( a ), it is plainly stated that a failure to investigate these items within 30days gives a reason to immediately remove those items from my credit report it has been over 30 days so they should be deleted promptly.
Take action immediately you are in violation.


I was charged interest and late fees.
I did not provide written permission or instructions for the identified transactions to be reported on my consumer report.
Regards, XXXX
We have a larger number of communication mediums available to us than at any time in the history of mankind.
and they have yet to release funds to pay the current mortgage nor some of the credit accounts that were being paid off.
I do have the email from Indigo on XX/XX/22 showing they did receive my payment {$290.00} at XXXX.
I called Macy 's worrynomore program and credit card customer service multiple times since the purchase in attempt to get the voucher credited towards the purchase, I also filled out the dispute of charge form.
Remove the collection and negative accounts from my profile and please issue XXXX for each violation. 


but they don't work.
I looked up online with the XXXX web site and it says ... ''
They have harrassed me by calling my job when i was still working.
XX/XX/XXXX- XXXX XXXX XXXX  XXXX XXXX
After XX/XX/XXXX your loan will be over 2 years old and significant upgrades will not be required. 


I have received no response from the company in regard to my letter.
I never considered that I needed to back up my most basic claims, however, after reviewing the XXXXXXXX database, specifically those complaints involving TD Bank, it appeared that those that were successful adopted this approach.
This is causing injury to my person as I am not able to acquire new credit based on these claims.
I have answered multiple times to ask them to stop calling me.
-- COLLECTION ACCOUNT 5.
If you changed your mind, contact TransUnion '' file number XXXX Completed on XX/XX/2020. 

3.
This company has violated FCRA 623 ( a ) b ) by failing to mark this disputed account as disputed 605 ( c ) running if the period has also been violated as the date of last activity on this account is reporting.
I did not notice the fraud activity until about 2 days later when chase sent me a text message asking if i had been the XXXX to make these transactions i replied NO assuming they will handle everything.
I had not noticed that back in the XXXX statement that they had added {$420.00} in deferred interest fees on a 2 year no interest special.
Credit and insurance CC : Federal Trade Commission CC : State Regulatory agency CC : California Regulatory agency Division of consumer complaints 1. )
I as a consumer would like a refund for the XXXX months since XX/XX/2021 I was charged the fee totaling {$64.00} I have since closed the account in question with Bank of America.
Now I am in collections for this SAME AMOUNT that was " due '' on XX/XX/XXXX.
I need someone to see where are these funds because XXXX has stated and provided dates that they sent refunds back to this Mastercard in which funds have never been applied.
Once verified, he said he was now ready to initiate the online ticket transfer using an email address I provided.
The agent that works for Wells Fargo also told me that the account was hacked.
I.Q. Data International accepted this contract by their client even after their client violated Florida Statue 83.14.
Are they doing it on purpose so I can not refinance?
When I called today, XX/XX/20, at XXXX, I was refused service through the automated system by their representative.
Miscommunication between the lender and me about the social security number then the lender stop processing my payments and stated sending the payment back to me. 

2C : 21-19, 17:11C-36 ( a ).
I submitted this to their email at their request.
I couldn't find the solution and want to see if cfpb can help us. 


I contacted them through XXXX, spoke over the phone to a social media rep, who gave me the number to credit services.
My co-signer would easily be removed.
Moreover, I have never opt in overdraft protection and the overdraft fees ( As the attached files ) should not be charged. 


See XXXX XXXX XXXX address.
Adequate proof that I owe the money would consist of, at minimum, documentation of the debt, including, but not limited to, pictures of the damage to the apartment that they claim I damaged, and invoices detailing the dates and charges for work performed to fix the alleged damage.
These inaccuracies are causing creditors to deny me credit.
Chase Credit Card Dept sent me a solicitation to upgrade my XXXX XXXX XXXX Credit Card to a Premier XXXX Rewards Credit Card in XXXX 2015.
On XX/XX/XXXX and XX/XX/XXXX I received correspondence in the mail from GENERAL REVENUE CORPORATION that violates several of my federal rights.
Regarding closed complaint XXXX I contact you to your company in hopes that you could assist me with avoiding foreclosure and getting Fay servicing to actually contact me to make payment arrangements that were affordable. 

To : Whom It May concern : I am writing to dispute a fraudulent charge on my account in the amount of {$4200.00}, {$440.00}, {$5800.00}, {$11000.00}, {$690.00}. 

Hello, I have a kohl 's credit card, and last month I paid my account off in full online, Two days later they made an attempt to charge my bank account the same amount again.
XXXX has also stated that XXXX is the only bureau that has removed the incorrect information by stating that Experian and XXXX are the only bureaus that are still reporting this erroneous information!!!!
My information was also impacted by the XXXX data breach and may have gotten into hands of the wrong person.
On what date? c ).
I submitted a receipt to document my dispute on    XXXX   2017
The agent promised me to send out the result which I havent received ( 6 ) In XX/XX/XXXX, I contacted NMAC again for the update of the result.
I am writing this letter to request assistance obtaining a reversal of funds withdrawn from my checking account at the Bank of America ( BOA ).
I found student loans and other fraudulent accounts I have never opened or gave any one consent to open.
It also caught a spark and burned the motherboard completely.
My parents took out a private student loan through XXXX XXXX in XXXX 2004.
now after my lights got cut off and my landlord harrassing me about the rent, they still didnt resolve the problem.
Nelnet has failed to provide an original instrument of indebtedness ( Master Documentation ) with my signature from the original creditor of the student loans from which they purchased. 


In accordance with the Fair Credit Reporting act XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX Acct # ( XXXX ) has violated my rights.
The below information in my credit profile is having damaging effects on my credit standing.
I called Chase bank inquiring about the funding, yesterday.
Im in the process of getting my taxes and things in order and this is just something that I feel needs to be taken care of aswell. 

XXXX XXXX CO ID : XXXX PPD XXXX XX/XX/XXXX MOBILOANS LLC DES : DEBIT XXXX INDN :
15 U.S.C 1681 section 602 A. States I have the right to privacy.


Consumer reporting agencies must correct or delete inaccurate, incomplete, or unverifiable information.
this bank really needs to stop playing with me
My father said I can drive him there at least and they refused again.
I stopped paying because I could not afford to pay {$390.00}.
Moreover, you stated the account was verified as accurate by law 15 USC 1681 ( e ).
On XX/XX/2022 I submitted a dispute and a complaint with the CFPB about The XXXX Consumer reporting agencies XXXX and TransUnion and XXXX reporting and furnIshing inaccurate Information on my Consumer report.
they refuse to report the account as closed, let me deal with a 3rd party collector, or fairly dispute the account.
XXXX XXXX, CO XXXX. 


I also borrowed money in XXXX, for food and other expenses. 

My information was also impacted by the XXXX, Experian and XXXX data breach and may have got into the hands of the wrong person.
It is my hope that C.F.P.B can represent me in this unfair and unjust act by Navient.. 


They emailed stating that I need to contact the collection agency and no investigation was ever done.
There were NO payments made in XX/XX/XXXX. 


Mortgage Insurance ( PMI/MP ) monthly payment {$15.00}.
1681 section 602 ( A ).
Responses from XXXX XXXX stating they are required to return disputed funds are attached.
A few days later I see that the payment didn't go through as expected and I submitted a second payment.
When were they going to let me know, with it being a Friday afternoon.   
Finally, on XX/XX/XXXX, a man by the name of XXXX XXXX of XXXX, Florida, who called from XXXX and claimed to be a representative of TD XXXX Card Services.
I've gone into the brand to handle this and they are claiming a personal account is negative and I need to pay the balance for the personal debt and can not have the money from a business account.
I called XXXX and reported myself as a identify theft victim. 


I contacted the company over and over, and was repeatedly promised shipping dates that came and went. 


They responded that the information was correct and blatantly ignored my request which the law states that I am able to request the contract that they have on file between me and this company.
So after a week, I told them I no longer want XXXX and had them come out an uninstall XXXX.
A Section 2 : Also States a consumer reporting agency can not furnish an account without my written instructions
The BOA did not match all the information.
I got sued and paid the loan off.
I do not know what to do at this point.
XX/XX/XXXX XXXX XXXX reply Message how important it is for you to be able to find out when your promotional 30K rewards points will reflect on your account.
They kept talking and I hung up.
According to the FTC, consumers can sue a collector in a state or federal court within one year of the date the FDCPA was violated.
My vehicle was siezed by an agent ( Colleteral Recovery based in XXXX NC, I am local to XXXX XXXX XXXX, of Santander Consumer USA on XXXX around XXXX from my local address.
I paid the balance in full and received a letter confirming that my account was closed/paid in full on XX/XX/XXXX ( attached ).
XX/XX/20 was the date this happened.
I've contacted Convergent Outsourcing on numerous occasions to dispute this erroneous debt that is a result of identity theft.
Once again, I had to send the credit bureaus documentation for it to be removed.
.
my fico has me at a credit score over 719XXXX has me at a score around 590.
then she said she was sorry about to hear that but there is nothing she can do to honor the promotion.
I have contacted the FTC and my local police and I am doing this on my own behalf.
I am unable to get a duplicate title for my vehicle.
He told me the individual I spoke with, possibly did not work at XXXX.
Emails went unanswered.
I have a past due student loan account with Sallie Mae and I am receiving numerous phone calls per day.
They threaten and call me daily, often early in the morning a XXXX weekends.
He also requested a current statement from our XXXX company, which we provided on XXXX XXXX. 

I have called and emails the person that I was referred to at Portfolio but she has not gotten back to me with a payoff letter or any other debt verification.
In short, the quality of my life has been negatively affected by this inaccurate information on the credit report which is detailed as follows ; XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX, XXXX XXXX XXXX # XXXX XXXX XX/XX/XXXX ADDRESS XXXX XXXX XXXX, XXXX XXXX XXXX FL XXXX
When I reviewed my credit report, I discovered that some of the information was erroneous.
This will allow the seller to default and all cost and fees will be the responsibility of me ( buyer ).
Logging in on my phone. 

.I can't figure out how you've sent me a form response stating that this has been verified, when I know that you've done nothing more than send an electronic inquiry to the creditor, who then checked this info against their records.
On my Equifax report the company name is XXXX XXXX Bank, On my XXXX report the company name is XXXX, XXXX XXXX, Tire Dealers.
im almost XXXX years old and i am forced to XXXX  with my parents.
I followed the terms and legitimately funded the account with XXXX of my credit cards and began to use the provided debit card for bill pays and spend.
West Coast Servicing took over our 2nd mortgage last year from about 5 lenders before them.
I don't know what else to do at this point.
I haave sent and resent papers with proof of what I 'm saying with very detailed explanation and it seems that it has fallen on deft ears from banks to courts to everyone.
Mortgage Contract # XXXX Countrywide XXXX XXXXs, XXXX 7.
On XX/XX/XXXX, I received a notice in the mail stating that Debt Recovery Solutions , LLC was attempting to collect on an account for XXXX XXXX XXXX that they claim was purchased by XXXX XXXX XXXX and is who they are attempting to obtain a payment on behalf of. 


Upon request, the institution shall promptly provide copies of the documents.


I opened an account XX/XX/XXXX, with Citizens Bank because there was a promo going on, I made sure to have the promo code entered when I signed up for the account.
For the record, I would have not minded being on the call and giving my permission.
He stated they are charging me 17 % interest and I should write a check for my original amount of {$640.00}.
I called back Thursday the XXXX and still no update.
They actually owed me about {$7.00}, but instead they sold my erroneous " debt '' of about {$180.00} to a collection agency who then sold it to another collection agency.
XXXX verified two different times on a recorded phone call that our account was now paid in full and our balance was {$0.00}.
I saw the change in XXXX XXXX, checked the XXXX closed account, and yet more payments were now showing up as delinquent.
15 U.S.C 166b A Creditor May not treat a payment on a credit account under an open end consumer credit plan as late for any reason.
I was told by all three employees that Wells Fargo can not return an ACH transaction as unauthorized after it has posted.
NOONE COULD RETRIEVE IT.
I have only received automated responses with little to no details. 


The account with XXXX XXXX XXXX is invalid, and inaccurate.
I met the terms of 12months payment, with a $ XXXX credit, however Veripro Solution In.c refuse to provide me my new balance for future payments until XX/XX/2019, due a policy.
I currently owe XXXX on this and been paying on it since XX/XX/XXXX.
I then went to my XXXX XXXX and had a stop payment made on my auto withdrawal account.
i have also attached a copy of my credit report with multiple differences reporting between the 3 bureaus and multiple violations in the reporting..
This is a clear breach. 


my fico has me at a credit score over XXXX transunion has me at a score around XXXX.
This letter did not contain our modification papers. 

XXXX XXXX applied for a refinance of her mortgage on the property located at XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX # XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX will be XXXX years old on XXXX XXXX, XXXX and has a credit score of XXXX and received an approval notice of her loan from Stearns Lending LLC Loan # : XXXX with an expiration date of XXXX XXXX, XXXX.
And the screen shot is all acoustic to fraudulently opnd and must b permanently BLOCK.
This transaction was also placed on my consumer credit reports which is a violation of federal law under the FDCPA.
I have never had a late payment with Discover and I've had this account since XXXX. 


I pulled my credit for myself and there are a couple of fraudulent accounts that do not belong to me.
Several times while I was on a three way call I informed the operator it was n't acceptable for them to prorate the insurance that they bought for XXXX but would be acceptable for them to prorate the insurance that I bought for!
I demand that this unverified account : Bankruptcy is PERMANENTLY DELETED FROM MY CREDIT FILE
In  XXXX  there was a  XXXX  credit card opened in my name, when I found out about the credit card I took immediate action.
I have an account with XXXX XXXX and transfer money using XXXX for last few years.
15 USC 1681 Section 604
I stated that in the last 2.5 yrs no one has had an issue there with accepting my {$20.00} a month payment, she stating I somehow fell through the cracks and should consider myself lucky.
" Chrysler Capital uses another company, XXXX, to provide money transfer payment services for its customers.
I did not threaten anyone, and may have raised my voice when stating my disbelief at what the call center rep stated ( i personally feel that she was equally wrong/inappropriate in her statements ), and the only thing i remember saying that could be considered threatening is that " i was going to add Chase to my list of predatory firms since they appear to support continued charges on my account from a disputed vendor/ i can not believe they can not block this ''. 


BUT on my credit report, they have reported me as late. 


15 U.S.C 1681 section 602 A. States I Have the right to privacy.


Shortly after we stopped paying maintenance fees on the new time share because we don't own it.
XXXX XXXX XXXX has a late payment reporting in XX/XX/2019 on my credit file that is not correct and i have been trying to get them to make it right
I asked them to review my credit report to me and they told me no.
Also my bankruptcy does not include student loans (  XXXX  ).     
I have an account on my report from the u.s department of education opened on XX/XX/XXXX that were just reported on XX/XX/XXXX.
I disputed the charge with all the evidence of this evidence of the problem they were suppose to fix that they didn't ( they were suppose to fix a leak from a convertible car I have and the water was still coming in at the Same place they were suppose to fix )
I call @ XXXX and sorry we are closed.
And how is it possible that this debt is still owed when my signature on my application is payment of the debt?
but they always give me the run around or tell me someone will contact me which that phone call never comes can someone please help me from here I have no idea what to do next
The addresses attached to my file not mine.
Iam reaching out to y'all for help.
ServiceMac is clearly delaying the process to continue to charge PMI, which I have requested to have removed.
On XXXX, I received an email notification from my credit bureau monitoring service of a negative reported event on my credit report from Citicards.
I will look into the legalities of this and what my options are.
The dealership convinced me that the car would get me to XXXX miles.
I further remind you that you may be liable for your willful non-compliance.
On record until XX/XX/XXXX XXXX Inquired on XX/XX/XXXX On record until XX/XX/XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX  Inquired on XX/XX/XXXX On record until XX/XX/XXXX XXXX Inquired on XX/XX/XXXX On record until XX/XX/XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX Inquired on XX/XX/XXXX On record until XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX Inquired on XX/XX/XXXX On record until XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX  Inquired on XX/XX/XXXX On record until XX/XX/XXXX FCRA violations : payments never late XXXX XXXX
I have attached a report form today shows all of the negative activity. 


On XX/XX/2021, property taxes were due.
My name appear different.
On XX/XX/18 I received a collections notice with a balance of {$610.00}.
Upon reviewing my updates, incorrect information was found still in my reports.
I was given a confirmation number afterwards, I had enough money in my saving account to make my mortgage payment.
The company FIA card services which is a subsidiary of Bank of America filed a default judgment against me for credit card debt accrued by defunct company MBNA XXXX on XXXX/XXXX/XXXX. 


XXXX, Experian and XXXX it doesn't matter how many letters you send them, how many registered letters you send and demand them to fix your credit report they DO NOTHING.
Well, the one in XXXX is for her.
Unfortunately, this means your PayPal account is still negative in the amount of {$2000.00} USD. 


On or around XX/XX/XXXX I contacted all three credit reporting bureaus about the removal of a negative item showing paid as agreed on my credit from XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX.
I demand to see Verifiable Proof ( an original Consumer Contract with my Signature on it )
Please accept this Notice of Intent to File a Lawsuit as my final attempt to amicably resolve your continued violation of the Fair Credit Reporting Act regarding your refusal to delete the DEROGATORY account XXXX XXXX from my credit report.
EXPERIAN took longer than 30 days to complete their investigation.
RENTED AN APARTMENT IN XXXX OHIO WEST OF XXXX.EVERYTHING WAS FINE FOR ABOUT FOUR OR FIVE
I contacted XXXX XXXX on XXXX XXXX XXXX about my credit card not being reported to Transunion and XXXX.
This request is made pursuant to the Fair Credit Billing Acts amendments to the Truth in Lending Act, 15 U.S.C. 1666-1666b, 12 C.F.R 226.13.
U. BANK XXXX SERVICES AND COLLECTION AGENCIES KEEP SKIP TRACING XXXX XXXX REGARDUNG
I week later, XXXX XXXX, I received a call from a fraud representive named XXXX.
Will they qualify for NACA financing?
1, they arent conducting an independent investigation.
I was rushed through the process and not explained anything about my interest rate.
but they did n't.
Banks like meat plants should be essential businesses and have a way for customers to access their bank lockers. 


Ive asked for pay to delete but the company says they can not delete it off my credit report
Validate Account XXXX XXXX Account Number : XXXX Please remove it from my credit report.
XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX, Tx.
CHASE failed to provide me with the criminals information as he is a CHASE bank customer, so I am not able to pursue the person. 


Than I get a letter say my account non compliant I call and they are rude and say they sent me email etc to read sign up I make XXXX payments on the phone than I realize it 's a scam they add thousands of fees and you never come out of default.
I keep receiving copies of the same letters but no verification from original creditor that this account is mines.
To Whom It May Concern, This letter is a formal complaint that you are reporting inaccurate and incomplete credit information.
The first time I spoke with a representative named XXXX, he gave me his employee ID number as : XXXX.
15 U.S.C 1681 Section 604
I was instructed to deal with the collection agency.
XXXX )
The list of accounts below has violated me the consume and my ferderally protected nonpublic personal information and rights to privacy and confidentiality under 15 USC 1681. 

I decided to request my credit report.
There is no acceleration clause in the contract.


Ive already included this in my previous Complaint # XXXX, XXXX, and XXXX & I am including it again., US DEPT ED XXXX Balance : {$1800.00} ; XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX Balance : {$3200.00} XXXX XXXXXXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXXXX/XX/XXXX
XXXX XXXX XXXX, Inquiry date XX/XX/XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXXXXXX XXXX XXXXXXXX, INQUIRY DATE XX/XX/XXXX )
I am not on the NOTE or the Deed to this home. 


My collections balance was reduced and yet this cause my credit score to drop by 90 points?
I was not even provided my XXXX score from Payoff, Inc Applied for a {$12000.00} loan XX/XX/21
Including but not limited to the 3 MAJOR credit reporting agencies and the minors such as XXXX XXXX, XXXX XXXX XXXX, and the likes.
I should not have XXXX  or the 2 XXXX  XXXX accounts on my report.
Remember, to date they have only released 38 % and we are at the very least 70 % complete.
Original amount has been paid twice.
On XX/XX/XXXX I applied for an Apple credit card ( which is through Goldman Sachs Bank USA XXXX to get 0 % apr on the purchase of a laptop.
To my knowledge, I have not signed any documents authorizing these organizations to view my credit history.
Please delete this XXXX XXXX account dated 2013 and Bankruptcy XXXX XXXXXXXX, It is violation of my federally protected consumer rights- USC 1681 a5 states no consumer reporting agency may report any adverse information other the records of convictions- USC 1681 section 604a section 2.
Dear CFPB, This is my second time submitting this information.
I left many messages for her to call me with no avail.
Read the background of this case below. 



Im down 20 points.
It caused me an overdraft fee of {$35.00}, so I tried calling them and asked them why they would double-charge me.
On XX/XX/2021, Experian alerted me that my dispute was complete and that the information was verified and the account was updated ; however, they provided nothing to say how it was verified and how they determined that the information was justified to be my responsibility.
This can not be my debt due to the fact that I have not done business with this company.
A Department of Education mandated forbearance should not cost anything.
Although I had been late on my loan prior, due to the lender not working with me on a payment structure, and divorce, I refinanced my home to pay off the full debt I owed ACS/XXXX including all interest owed.
damage was already done, my credit got ruin thanks to false information and all I got was an " Im sorry this is terrible '' this guy XXXX XXXX never responded to my emails or calls only spoke with him one time and he was never able to fix the problem.
Countless calls for help has resulted in nothing.
As your credit card issuer accepted your chargeback, they refunded {$2000.00} USD to your credit card.
When they do, they cant reveal the debt without verification and validation, and there are limits on repeated calls nonetheless the call persist. 

After reviewing my most recent credit report since my identity been compromised due to the lost/ theft of my id, I noticed a series of unknown inquires on my credit report, and I would like these inquiries removed immediately on the pure basis they are unknown and unauthorized by me.
I reached out to XXXX and ask why my balance increased.
All, with the exception of Bank of America, pulled a soft credit inquiry to make a decision, while Bank of America pulled a hard credit inquiry.
Resulting in, XXXX reporting a failed payment. 

( iii )
and I would have to contact experian directly to correct it.
Due to Inaccurate payment dates and charge-off.
yet they flat out refused to do it and would never refund me the extra {$440.00} I was out for the extra appraisal.
Citi is obliged to report the incoming amount in the foreign currency.
A purchase of gasoline, which cost less that {$25.00} should not warrant a {$75.00} hold.
The financials I sent to WU and verified by my banks and brokerage clearly prove that the money is lawfully obtained.
Please assist and advise. 

His voicemail was full as well.
My former employer 's HR director, XXXX XXXX of the XXXX XXXX of Ohio was supposed to be my XXXX XXXX when I was a XXXX XXXX applicant
Please remove those alerts asap so that I can move into my apartment.
XXXX XXXX XXXX OF XXXX Account Number :
These calls came on XX/XX/XXXX, XX/XX/XXXX, XX/XX/XXXX and XX/XX/XXXX.
It is the result of identity theft XXXX, XXXX XXXX XXXX, XXXX XXXX XXXX ( ORIGINAL CREDITOR :
I have also faxed them a cease and desist as they requested.
I originally opened this account with   XXXX   XXXX  , as a maintenance free savings account,  XXXX  was bought out by  XXXX  and the savings account continued.
These items are not appear on my XXXX credit report and this is negatively affecting me.
The palliative offered by the Federal Government is being made impossible by this lender. 

15 U.S.C 1681 Section 604
It will show all the accounts that were deleted affecting my score and borrowing.
We do not understand why they completed his investigation in a timely manner, yet mine is still undone.
She went so far as to say the company never reports incorrectly. 

I called XX/XX/XXXX, XX/XX/XXXX
When I have been BEYOND patient with these crooks!
It is bewildering that we received two 30-Day late credit hits on two {$200.00} impound increases because of Mr .

Coopers disorganization.
There was no proof that these items where verified.
The date the fraud started was XX/XX/XXXX and it has been continuing until XX/XX/XXXX, in the total amount of {$1900.00} by XXXX, through XXXX
All written correspondence that you sent to me during the time I was a cardmember.
This decision was based on a dilinquent credit obligation either paid or unpaid with this account or another creditor.
A Section 2 : It also states a consumer reporting agency can not furnish a account without my written instructions
This company has since then received a second letter that was received XX/XX/XXXX ( XXXX certified # XXXX ) once again asking for the same information )
I visited the branch on XX/XX/XXXX where I was told by a representative that I allowed someone to use my card, I informed her that I did not, and she was persistent that I did.
Attachments : 1.
Recently for the past 2 years I have been ripped off multiple times by this bank.
I let XXXX XXXX know that I work some nights and work a lot, so I hadnt yet been able to call him back until then.
Fraud scams also frauded her mom and dad of my great great XXXX parents of XXXX XXXX XXXX married to XXXX XXXX of Sir name of XXXX both decest closed out social security data and a serial number corners record and private grave of XXXX Indiana. 


Im filing this complaint because I believe this is happening unnecessarily to many of their customers.
I already talked to them on the phone, but I want to send a formal complaint in writing.
The creditor 's failure to reflect properly on a statement, a payment made by the obligor or a credit issued to the obligor.
I joined a XXXX group called scammed by XXXX and tons of people have gotten refunds From their credit card companies and banks. 


I knew I had never asked for any credit with Target and had heard of TD Bank US.
I have never received a single bill by mail nor email stating my monthly payment was coming up or statements.
I did not make any of these transactions and I need my money back. 


Thanks
As I understand, Federal reporting laws.
Partial Cash and Partial Check.
The amounts always seem to be changing and they call and harass me to negotiate smaller amount. 


Matson/state of HI requires Lienholder to give letter allowing vehicle transport. 


Transunion credit report is currently inaccurately a student loan : XXXX XXXX  : XXXX XXXX Last reported XX/XX/2020 {$8400.00} Reported balance This account was transferred to XXXX for servicing has a much lower balance, and should be deleted from my credit report In addition, Transunion is inaccurately reporting missed payments.
but during the process she stole thousands of dollars from my bank accounts, hired criminals to damage my property, and filed false charges against me that resulted in my XXXX  to cover up her crimes. 


XXXX AMT : {$2300.00} I have enclosed my FTC Identity Theft Report showing the fraudulent items. 

This sort of treatment of a customer is unacceptable, especially to someone with a very good credit history.
 
After sometime of going back and forth I asked to speak to a supervisor.
I do not understand how Nationstar is allowed to be un-regulated by the State.
This is all deceptive practices and the reporting of inaccurate information.
It is obvious COINBASE is an ACCOMPLICE to the crime due to the fact that they have provided the fraudulent company with their service without hesitation or even a propel KYC procedure to check the identity of the recipient of the money, instead, they state that they have no affiliation with them, a person assisting a thief is a THIEF THEMSELVES!
It made me feel like they 're trying to validate if my story have changed so they can deny my claim.
XXXX XXXX XXXX XX/XX/XXXX {$16.00}, XXXX XXXX XXXX  XXXX XX/XX/XXXX {$8600.00}, XXXX ( Original Creditor : XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX  XXXX XX/XX/XXXX {$1100.00}, XXXX ( Original Creditor XXXX 01 XXXX XXXX )
The second XXXX the same thing, I owe CitiFinancial to which they sold the second mortgage to XXXX, {$8600.00} - {$7700.00} that XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX paid in to date ( payments for 52 months & said bill from them state that I owe them to date, {$6700.00} & I, under the DRS care to prove this ) balance should be $ XXXX.Current balance for CitiFinancial billing XXXX for the first mortgage owed current {$67000.00} & second mortgage currently owed to XXXX {$6700.00}.
I spent over an hour on multiple phone calls with Capital One, yet their representatives were unable to tell me why those two specific transactions were declined.
Because I am trying to finance a major purchase, I paid the chargeoff, and was told that they would delete the account entirely ( by the creditor ).
You stated in the 8th paragraph " New disclosures were provided which you signed, and the rate was locked on XX/XX/2022.
Equifax will not provide information of validity and I have not received documents for validation from Merchants ' XXXX XXXX.
They only offered me a {$200.00} gift certificate and refused to assist me in getting the approved rate from XXXX. 


Then, I received a message that I had failed to complete the Federal Student Loan Income-Driven Recertification application so, now I owe {$2500.00}.
Enough is enough!!!!!
On XX/XX/2020, California XXXX XXXX XXXX issued a shelter-in-place order to fight the spread of XXXX. 


I'm still getting notifications from XXXX with " receipts '' for every PayPal transaction I've made recently.
I sent a Note to Payee which documents all of the details of the transaction, including the account number to which the payment was sent, date, time, and trace number. 



I am writing you as my final effort to rectify the issue. 

there is some inaccurate information reporting. 

This company has caused me so much stress and his ruining my reputation and has violated the following laws.

- 15 usc 1692d ( 5 ) Causing the telephone to ring repeatedly with intent to annoy, Abuse or harass any person at the called number - 15 usc 1692e ( 2 )
They subsequently sold the debt to another company, National Credit Systems. 


When I called Direct Express the next day, I learned there was an additional ATM withdrawal that I wasn't aware of.
XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX )
She eventually hung up on me while I was on hold.
TransUnion and XXXX XXXX are committing Fraud and Identity theft.
XXXX called the police and found out that they were definitely scammed and was given a police report #.
Us Bkpt Ct
I strongly believe that they are in violation of the FCRA and are outright refusing to uphold the law.
Almost 3 months later I finally get some where with XXXX and we're on the verge of resolving our differences, they pull this stunt!
When I called they informed me that it concerns a debt owed by me that went delinquent in 2005, 13 years ago.
I have disputed with all three major credit bureaus to with no removal of this account.
Later the next day i didnt see it removed from my account i then made another payment of XXXX.
XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX ACCT # XXXX might I add this are inaccurate and incomplete account numbers displayed on my reports which is a federal law violation of 1515 U.S. Code 1681i - Procedure in case of disputed accuracy ( 5 ) Treatment of inaccurate or unverifiable information ( A ) In general If, after any reinvestigation under paragraph ( 1 ) of any information disputed by a consumer, an item of the information is found to be inaccurate or incomplete or can not be verified, the consumer reporting agency shall ( i ) promptly delete that item of information from the file of the consumer, or modify that item of information, as appropriate, based on the results of the reinvestigation ; and ( ii ) promptly notify the furnisher of that information that the information has been modified or deleted from the file of the consumer. 


I HAVE REVIEWED MY CREDIT REPORT AND FOUND SOME INACCURATE ACCOUNTS AND ENTRIES IDENTIFIED AS INQUIRIES THAT WAS PLACED ON MY CREDIT WITHOUT MY KNOWLEDGE.
Included with this letter, is every letter written to those who have hampered my ability to obtain credit.
We have contacted the credit bureau multiple times and no action has been taken.
In addition to resolving the late payment issues, the current reporting of the balance due on this account is incorrect.
she said she would help.
Online access was established on both at inception.
In XXXX responses that make the claim that have not initiated any disputes on my behalf due to the fraudulent or high risk nature, and the documents I provided have either been confirmed as fraudulent or deemed as high risk due to the potential for fraud.
I recently pulled my credit report from your Bureau and my attorneys and I had a chance to go over my credit report and in amazement, that you have decided to report me 30 days late on this account in XX/XX/XXXX, XX/XX/XXXX. 


General Prohibition on Reporting Inaccurate Information
In concert with the FCRA law if the reporting agencies can not provide physical documentation to the consumer then the disputed accounts shall be deleted.
Hi - This is in regards to a possible ECOA, Regulation B, and UDAAP violation with Amerisave Mortgage.
I attempted to make my first mortgage payment to  US  Bank before the due date by phone  XXXX   XXXX   XXXX   XXXX .  
In Accordance with the Fair Credit Reporting act XXXX  Account XXXX  # XXXX, has violated my rights. 


Now I have a judgement and have paid the debt for bills that were not mine.
In XXXX of XXXX, I received notice that the forbearance would end in XXXX.
You are required under OHIO LAW U.C.C 1319.12
We made a payment and said we would call back when we would know how much we could pay monthly. 


It appears that my credit file has been compromised.
Since XXXX XXXX we have sent several QWR ( I have attached my copies ) and Green Tree has n't addressed the issues in which we have outlined and were very specific on the errors concerning our mortgage loan. 

When I called back I was directed to call back on Tuesday as Monday was a Holiday. 


As I was never notified of a billing delinquency on my accounts, which the creditor must do under section ( FCBA1666 ( b ) ( 6 ).
And there response was to up date my credit report with validated and verified with no feather information on there investigation or how it was performed.
Being that I work for a law firm, I know the court system and their procedures, but decided to call anyway.
It was my understanding that if no work was done the first two weeks I would be automatically dropped.
They lied from the very XXXX time they called and now when i call they cant access my account and the managers are always on break.
I have a problem with late fees be assessed to XXXX XXXX XXXX through Comenity BANK.
showing recorded XX/XX/XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX in XXXX {$260.00} phone number XXXX .. which they also state tax.
I checked the Tracking # s and the two return packages were picked up and processed by an agent on XX/XX/2018, but my XXXX card was not refunded.
They are unable to prove that I own XXXX or XXXX XXXX any money as I have not signed any paperwork with them or purchased any goods or services from them.
I have talked to over a dozen people in the security department of Citi Bank, they all tell me the same thing and the matter remains unresolved.
I got sick and was put on XXXX last year.
I feel completely mislead and taken advantage of for a mere {$4.00}.
I have sent this letter via registered mail for purposes of formal escalation in the appropriate courts of law should the need arise. 

I feel like Im being taken advantage of and being ignored for my disputes.
fraud the account is not mine never to any school
On XX/XX/2019 my truck was totaled.
When I finally got through this morning, I was advised by a representative, XXXX, that they can only commit to no late fees and credit reporting for the period, but that I must still make a payment during the period.
I am still being denied access to my credit report by Equifax, in violation of my FCRA rights.
Took delivery of the car on XX/XX/2021 from XXXX - confirmed delivery.
I want my information deleted with this company which I requested for them to it deleted my information with them and their service providers and third-party affiliates. 


I demand you remove these accounts from my credit report immediately or I will file litigation and Lost damages.


I am a senior citizen on XXXX a fixed income.
after remitting the funds, the next day, I received an email from XXXX XXXX requesting additional funds for " Shipping Insurance ''.
My FTC Complaint Number is XXXX.
This situations is unacceptable and needs to be rectified immediately. 

Account name : # XXXX, Account name : # XXXX, Account name : # XXXX, Account name : # XXXX, has violated my rights 15 U.S.C 1681 section 602 A. States I have the right to privacy.


Since XX/XX/XXXX I have had problems for 4 months trying to get a withdraw to pay my bills and taxes.
The call center was set up to assist consumers and is open every day ( including weekends ) from XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX Eastern time. 


I was advised by a legal friend of mine that under : 15 US Code 1681a section 603 ( k ) ( b ) ( ii ) can be considered an adverse action.


The automated recording said I owed something like {$350.00}.
The " gentleman '' who was hooking up our car simply said we had not made payment ...
In response I received a generic letter stating that " we still need to verify your proof of address and proof of ID '' ( I already did this ) and some woman asking to " send in the proof directly to me, Ive enclosed a postage paid envelope for your convenience '' ( I am not sending my ID 's to anyone anymore at this company and how did you enclose an envelope in a PDF?? ). 


About a two years ago, due to finally having decently steady employment, I reached out to Navient in order to get on an Income-Based Repayment plan.
On XXXX/XXXX/XXXX I found out via an alert on my credit that Bank of America Credit Card Division ran a hard credit inquiry without my permission.
All during a pandemic?
Now they show my principal balance is {$6700.00}. 


Also, see U.S. v. Tweel, 550 F. 2d.
I have never lived at the address provided or held a phone number that they had listed on the receipt.
I have repeatedly requested that MIdland Fuding provide me with an explanation of the amount they claim I owe, how that amount was calculated, account history.
No one has made any attempt to collect this debt ; I don't even have any idea what it is for.
I was sent a notice with my ssn, phone number.
To whom it may concern, This complaint is with Credit Protection.
I as a Customer manage my accounts and keep limited fund in the linked account just incase there is some type of fraud, or card stolen or what every might happen. 

I have sent them my bank statements showing the money is not in my account and have contacted my credit union to make sure there have been no attempts to put money into my account.
Thank you kindly
On XX/XX/XXXX the Truest home preservation department contacted me.
The information does not belong to me, however COMPLETE CREDIT SOLUTIONS has refused to provide validation of the debt or my identity, despite being provided official documentation.


COMPLAINT
While going through this process I received an Email and then a Letter in XX/XX/XXXX, informing me that they were closing my account.
15 U.S.C 1681 section 602 A. States I have the right to privacy.
So the judge dismissed the case.
Re : Letter to Remove Inaccurate Credit Information To Whom It May Concern : I received a copy of my credit report and found the following item ( s ) to be in error : 1. Validate Account XXXX XXXX XXXX Account XXXX :
... ...
( XXXX XXXX XX/XX/XXXX )
4.
Every potential lender has refused to call.
Where can you find two honest attorneys?
PNC has determined my account is no longer eligible for refunds no matter the situation and this is discrimination.
They sent it back with a note saying it was not enough money.
I believe this to be fraud.
n i made this clear for 60 days straight with transunion i spoke to a representative agent name XXXX and XXXX and XXXX from the fraud department I prefer to speak to a us rept
On XX/XX/XXXX, BOA concluded they could not dispute the charge because the method of payment was XXXX XXXX.
Identity Theft XXXX  Account Number :
( C ) Contents of notice A notice under subparagraph ( B ) shall include ( i ) the reasons for the determination under subparagraph ( A ) ; and ( ii ) identification of any information required to investigate the disputed information, which may consist of a standardized form describing the general nature of such information.


Recently I opened a dispute against a charge I have on my card for {$340.00} against a website that scammed me on XX/XX/2022.
Open and closed in the same month.
XXXX and the credit bureaus are in violation of the FDCPA section 807, Misleading False Reporting unverified/inaccurate account type, No. of months, credit limit, payment status, last reported, and date last active.
The report still showed the name as XXXX XXXX ( EQ did not make correction ) EQ further concluded in this report that my ADDRESS information was UPDATED per information I supplied.
I called them after looking at the subject, private student loan from XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX.
I have provided proof of payment in form Of an official pay-off letter for 2 debts I had.
My information was impacted by the XXXX data breach and many different fraudulent items that I don't recognize have shown up on my credit report.
View XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX ( XXXX ) XXXX PM
I am a current patient of XXXX XXXX.
At this time I would like to file a complaint in order to have this erroneous information removed from my credit report, as I have done my due diligence in attempting to clear this up with Focus Receivables on my own.
I immediately went on my computer and paid the total amount due.
I have no memory of incurring this debt.
Common!
This collection agency has terrible reviews all over the net.
The other two colors were still kinda small on me.
These banks abuse the borrowers right as a Lenders and they do unfair business practices. 

XXXX
I received a call not identifying myself at my work place from a rude gentleman asking first for me and then to speak with a manager, and I asked him if he had permission to contact my employer and he stated to my me that he want to speak to my manager again, left a number then hung up the phone. 


Today, the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau ( CFPB ) announced it will begin examining the operations of post-secondary schools, such as for-profit colleges, that extend private loans directly to students.
I saw this company on my credit report Commonwealth financial they have two accounts with the same amount of debt in my report they are saying it's my debt but I was not at any hospital 2012 they keep doubling my credit reports never got any information from them regarding any debt owed
Further more, this account can not be 100 % accurate as there are open dates they have listed on my credit report varies between the 3 bureaus.
I called on the balance due notice on XX/XX/2022 and was told that from the XXXX XXXX XXXX that my property taxes were due on XX/XX/2022 and they did not receive payment from my loan servicing company until XX/XX/2022.
This has taken a toll on my XXXX 

Also, I was told that because I am in their forbearance program, I would not be reported late.
I asked that the partial payment that was again misapplied to the principal balance on XXXX XX/XX/XXXX be applied to my XX/XX/XXXX payment as intended and discussed with the Freedom Mortgage representative the last week of XX/XX/XXXX.
There was not mention of the interest rate as promised.
This has been going on since XXXX they just keep giving me the run around.
The world is at a place where people don't understand why they are having to stay away from each other.
When my bank reached over 10K, I wrote myself a check to cover the the loan and additional money for business expenditures.
TRANSUNION has violated my privacy rights TRANSUNION DID NOT investigate this nor did they verify with me thru verbal or writing that this information could be posted to my credit file.
This deceptive practices by the bureaus.
Today, ( XX/XX/2018 ) ...
While I do n't have the original receipt that the debt was paid in full I have statements for months i use their service.
Please update this address.
This is a one day job.
No additional security questions asked : no security pin, no security questions, no verification of my identity ; nothing.
Also note the original furnisher of information was never contacted for verification neither were they notified of any modifications.
XX/XX/2019 and in XX/XX/2019 XXXX put the both the Navy Federal accounts back on my credit report.
He did say my loan application was declined based off my real address, not this fake address, but how do I know this is accurate.
Possible fraud.
I NEED TO TALK TO XXXX
please help since they are not taking me serious.
So why is it my fault with a charge off cause of XXXX.I had mentioned today, its not fair
I have one negative credit items outstanding debt now that is not mines.
Information on my report do not belongs to me.
I did file the report and never heard back from the bank or the police.
XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX, GA XXXX NOTICE TO AGENT IS NOTICE TO PRINCIPAL NOTICE TO PRINCIPAL IS NOTICE TO AGENT XXXX/ASPIRE XXXX you are furnishing inaccurate and incorrect information to the consumer reporting agencies.
As per 12 CFR 1026.5 ( b ) ( 2 ) ( ii ) ( A ) the furnisher/creditor/card issuer does not treat as late for any purpose.
XX/XX/2020 I was diagnosed with a XXXX XXXX XXXX which caused me to miss work and lose pay.
XXXX  XXXX Reported : XXXX.
Apparently, comenity bank is experiencing a nationwide system failure/glitch that is preventing consumers from logging into their accounts.
I'm filing this report, don't know what I should do next.
Capital One claimed they did not receive the requested documentation from me and closed my claim.
I again call for a dismissal of to-be plaintiffs statement of claim ( s ) and discharge of misreported delinquencies and derogatory behavior that the accusers complaint is undeniably unfairly lodged versus me.


I then tried to get resolution and find a way to get my account reopened but all they would keep telling me was to try to open a new account.
They told me that over the one month period that had added an additional 10 % in late fees to loan and now the balance had grown by {$500.00}.
Excluding the business name on the envelope makes it appear no different than junk mail. 

Please REMOVE the accounts in my Credit Report : XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX  XXXX XXXX , XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX  XXXX XXXX , XXXX XXXX XXXX.
XX/XX/XXXX ( shellpoint Mortgage acquires my mortgage ) ( on XX/XX/XXXX.
Moreover, we have tried to get any other supervisor on the phone without any success.
XXXX.
and I was qualified for a {$7500.00} dollar credit limit
The written agreement also shall disclose that the collection agency may consolidate, for purposes of filing an action, the assigned account, bill, or other evidence of indebtedness with those of other creditors against an individual debtor or co-debtors.
I 'm attaching the documents which were provided and request for the fourth time that they remove the alert.
XXXX Opened XX/XX/XXXX {$0.00} XXXX XXXX XXXX XX/XX/XXXX {$0.00} XXXX XXXXXXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXXXX/XX/XXXX {$0.00}
I made a few  XXXX  dollars payments to  XXXX  but I 'm assuming that was not enough because they sent me to collections wi th Todd Bremer and Lawson, INC.  
She could not access the loss mitigation department system so she could not give me a date as to when they had been mailed out.
That was after attempting to contact XXXX more than 21 times.
XXXX and XXXX fixed both the Payment status and creditor remarks.
They need to be reigned in.
The company is completely ignoring the fact that these accounts were the result of identity theft and according to 15 U.S. Code 1681c2 - Block of information resulting from identity theft part ( a ) the company has failed to block these items resulting from the identity theft after notifying them of the fraud.
This is very troubling and confusing.
I believe this is deception and false advertisement.
Now this company call  Midland Funding LLC, h ad taking action to collect payment from me i n Small Claims Count.
Today I was told that I could do a written complaint to Caliber by fax or mail, not email.
XXXX BANK HAS DECREASED MY CREDIT CARD LIMIT FROM XXXX TO XXXX STATING IT WAS FROM INFORMATION OBTAINED FROM MY EQUIFAX CREDIT REPORT.
I have been a victim of identity theft in the past and I also have an extended fraud alert on my credit which he added so he would have access to my information. 


Why did I have to threaten a complaint to find out this information?
I dont know this company and I do not recall ever having this debt and appears to be fraud, see attached FTC Report.
The US Bankruptcy Court would be the creditor to furnish this information and have previously communicated with me through documented mail that they DO NOT furnish any corresponding information to ANY of the CRAs.
( Not the contents of the house )
She lives in another state and We had nothing to do with Her debt.
NOTE TO CFPB KEEP TRACK
XXXX is reporting a single late payment over 7 years old to my credit report.
In that letter it stated that the debt is assumed valid by the collector unless I dispute it within 30 days of receiving the letter.
TIMELINE AFTER AUTHORIZATION : I called for authorization at the end of XX/XX/XXXX and spoke with XXXX # XXXX, this was a recorded conversation, as were all the conversations that I held with AmEx. 

XXXX Please remove it from my credit report. 

I've attempted several times to ratify the issue with the original creditors and credit bureaus and they still reporting inaccurate, unverifiable information.
I called US Bank and the relationship manager did not know, so she looked into it and called me back the next day stating it was for just first mortgage and second mortgage docs would come in a month or two.
He warned me that some transactions might not be reported by my bank until the next day.
I called each creditor giving them the new information, this included Fortiva.
Any mortgage company with a heart would have worked something out with me at this point.
After " Self co '' did stop the service and refuse to return taking money back to my account.
I was called by a man who would not give me any information but told me he would be showing up at my house in 30 minutes to handle my " incident '' I asked him for more info and he would not do anything but gave me a phone number.
BOA should not be allowed to get away with such blatant practices at the cost of the consumer.
By XX/XX/XXXX the balanced jumped to {$1600.00} ( proof attached ).
That is a huge difference.
Account numbers are XXXX, XXXX, XXXX ( listed twice on my credit report ) and XXXX.
Please remove these fraudulent accounts at once. 


( XXXX )
I think that 's a lie, or a flaw they have in their business.
I submitted my bank account information on XX/XX/XXXX, for the entire remaining balance.
and I get the same runaround processing, you dont do that to people, I just want my money back
I have contacted their credit management team, spoke to a rep named XXXX, and she offered to " allow me to pay off the remaining balance of the promotional credit '' and have the charge reversed.
XXXX 's response was that no letter was needed and that she would open the work order for the recast and that the new payment was to start XX/XX/XXXX per item 3.
It looks very legitimate but I never opened the account. 

In    XX/XX/XXXX   , they denied my application for loan modification.
Although they claim to want to help people it is my experience that they bully and torment clients to the point of exhaustion and come in for the kill. 


Remaining balance paid in 4 payments XX/XX/XXXX ( {$420.00} ) XX/XX/XXXX ( {$410.00} ) XX/XX/XXXX ( {$420.00} ) XX/XX/XXXX ( {$410.00} ). 

Then, by unsigned letters dated XX/XX/XXXX and XX/XX/XXXX, Bank of America denied my claim, reinstating the fraudulent transactions and the bank charges that accompanied them. 


Credit line increases ( 12 CFR 1026.51 )
AZ XXXX T XXXX F XXXX XXXX
I am not responsible for any charges made to these mentioned accounts.
XX/XX/XXXX I called U.S. Bank recovery department again, this time speaking to XXXX XXXX.
I have removed the fraud alerts from my reports that were previously listed as they prevented me from accessing my own credit file which made it difficult to catch fraud as I had no access to my credit file and do not authorize any alerts being added but only listings to my credit file being removed by Midland Credit Management and providing proof that they have processed removal request via Eoscar and written letter on letter head uploaded to the CFPB portal.
I do n't see why it matters that it is a XXXX bank, given that Citi is an international banking institution and has no problem dealing with foreign institutions or money.
The list of accounts has violated my federally protected consumer rights to privacy and confidentiality under 15 USC 1681 SECTION 602 A.
Also, Transunion shows an inquiry for XXXX and XXXX  for XXXX XXXX.

XXXX years later this same collection agency initiated collection action by using their relationship with the XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX to obtain an income execution on a judgement that was vacated. 


On Wednesday XX/XX/XXXX I checked my credit score and it showed that Charles Schwab ran my account two times for one account.
I also question their true tribal affiliation.
XXXX XXXX = Account # : XXXX XXXX
I recently put stop payment at the bank.
I went to the emergency room at the end of 2012.
Experian by placing a statement that I didnt consent to is committing a falsification, retaliatory adverse action against My record it administers or stores and Experian must be adhere to the law and comply immediately or if not The regulators must intervene immediately in this case. 


Also I request CFPB to penalize Citibank for such serious banking errors per federal regulations!
You said that these items were verified by the creditor however there is nothing notated on my credit reports that these items were ever disputed.
Equifax has an incorrect mark on my XXXX credit card from XXXX XXXX saying I paid 30+ days late which is NOT TRUE.
XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX Thank you for helping quickly gather necessary information, what options exist for families with Mortgage Payments avoiding Foreclosure during COVID 19 Pandemic as the country preceded. 



They have not verified anything.
They claim a violation of TOS but were not willing to explain to me what violation had occurred.
XXXX I do not recognize this inquiry Im disputing this as fraud and please remove this inquiry from my report I DO NOT WANT a fraud alert on my report I repeat do not put a fraud alert on my report just simply remove this inquiry
I disputed the information and they agreed to remove it.
I can argue each & every response but did not as I was told to just resubmit my documents as I am still eleg for this revw which I did.
I have been working with Mr. Cooper, previously known as Nationstar in regards to making my payments again.
Thats INDIRECT communication and IDENTITY THEFT.
I disputed the matter and requested additional documentation.
I filed a dispute back on XX/XX/XXXX of this year with American Express for a vacation package that I purchased back on XX/XX/XXXX.
Due to not being able to reach anyone by phone.
I was shocked to find out how much I had to pay back.
At this point I 'm out of {$310.00} plus I have a knock off broken fanny pack that can not be fixed.
well it's payment history ...
There is now a lein on my bank accounts and i can not access my funds.
The Bankruptcy Court records are public records ; therefore, the court does not report any filings to the credit reporting agencies.
I would like to be refunded my {$150.00} from XXXX  XXXX  XXXX.
I have filed police reports, Ive sent in countless pages of supporting documentation even a fraud license that had my name and the fake address listed on it!!!!
( It appears that Ocwen 's data is compromised, or that the resources used were not thorough with the investigation for XXXX. )
If needed I will send the actual date certified letter was sent and received by company and never received a reply.
The debt was from 7 years ago in 2013 supposedly.
Lender for the lease was US Bank. 


After I pulled my credit for myself, I notice suspicious accounts.
Also there is a collection that XXXX XXXX has reporting XXXX that needs to be removed from my account because I have settled all debts with them. 


Their office is a ghost town.
This was the results of my dispute.
Every attempt to get information from them has failed, we have asked them for more information such as employer ID, supervisor name, professional licence, etc.
A Section 2 : It also states a consumer reporting agency can not furnish a account without my written instructions 15 U.S. Code 1681b - Permissible purposes of consumer reports ( a ) In general Subject to subsection ( c ), any consumer reporting agency may furnish a consumer report under the following circumstances and no other : ( 1 )
DUE
I DID NOT give Equifax neither direct nor indirect permission to furnish my information. 

ocwen refused paymwents twice, then I included Ocwens representative 's correspondence which stated I was to pay principal bearing interest first then with no penalty. 

I need this account deleted or updated.
so I do n't know what else to do.
Under the FCRA, consumers can sue for : Statutory damages of {$100.00} {$1000.00} per violation Actual damages for injury the consumer suffered Emotional damages for stress or physical ailments resulting from the ordeal Punitive damages to punish the violator for their actions This is adversely affecting my credit.
The address identification number is  XXXX
I am appalled.
This company has very bad business practices and seems to be ran from someones garage.
15 U.S.C 1681 section 602 A. States I have the right to privacy.


I called Ocwen and sent faxed documentation XXXX XXXX approximately containing information and facts that confirms I have identity theft.
On XX/XX/XXXX, US Bank Loss Draft Dept XXXX XXXX left a VAGUE voice mail msg for me to call the Loss Draft Dept.
Lendmark wasn't even there.
I have sent letter, fax information, email the CEO XXXX XXXX.
XXXX  XXXX XXXX sets up their loans so that you are repaying 30 % of the outstanding payday loan on every payday but that is only the finance charge, none of that 30 % repayment goes toward the principal loan amount.
Presiding judge by way of the judges assistant denied Complaint for insufficient information and returned notarized documented evidence without case number. 


The tickets were booked via the travel agent ; hence, only the travel agent can request document from the airline.
He was extremely competent, professional, and affable.
I stated, My name is XXXX XXXX, who are you?
15 USC 1681n ( a ) ( 1 ) ( B ) states, in part, " in the case of liability of a natural person for obtaining a consumer report under false pretenses or knowingly without a permissible purpose, actual damages sustained by the consumer as a result of the failure are { { {$1000.00} } }, whichever is greater ; ''
Please HELP!
I first disputed inaccurate inquiries with equifax and they came back verified.
I was subjected to foreclosure abuses during the period of XX/XX/XXXX to present and have not received any relief in spite of the numerous settlement agreements by XXXX/XXXX with federal and state agencies as a result of the loans they originated. 

I was told at the end of each phone call that my payment was processed.
Dear Ford Credit Motors, Based on your letter received, dated XX/XX/XXXX.
7.
There are no late payments to report.
Death and living directive were at the forefront of the resultant conversation.
On XX/XX/XXXX, in a very generalized email, Coinbase Support emailed me with apologies for the delayed response and an excuse that they have received a significantly increased number of requests recently. 

This is inadequate according to Xoom 's refund policy which states a customer is to receive a full refund in cases of error where the money transfer is not sent according the the sender 's instructions.
n i made this clear for 60 days straight with transunion i spoke to a representative agent name XXXX and XXXX and XXXX from the fraud department I prefer to speak to a us rept
We were charged the next day XXXX and at the time my job wasn't all the way transfered from XXXX, NY to XXXX, TX.
After Checking My Credit report XXXX seen that they submitted my application.
The three credit bureaus are reporting information from these organizations that are obsolete.
sent over the ftc violation of the inaccurate information
I finally got her SS # and tried to activate the card.
Upon further investigation, I have retained new copies of my credit reports and noticed that First Progress Card did not furnish the credit bureaus with the required disclosure, within the period required by law.
EXPERIAN, XXXX, AND XXXX  DELETED THIS ACCOUNT FROM MY CREDIT REPORTS.
We both tried to speak to someone at XXXX.
I am in the process of buying a house and can not move forward without resolving this issue. 

ASKING THAT YOU PLEASE RE-INVESTIGATE THESE INQUIRIES AND HAVE THEM REMOVED OFF MY CREDIT AS SOON AS POSSIBLE.
XXXX   XXXX ,  2017  
I called and made a payment for XXXX payment that was processed on XX/XX/2020 for {$1300.00}.
This was 18 days ago.
XXXX.
This is now bringing construction ( the final stages ) to a stop as I have exhausted my savings trying to keep construction moving along and keep everyone paid throughout these unacceptable delays caused by Freedom Mortgage.
They allowed 5 to 10 transactions per day without ever contacting me.
When I called I was advise to resubmit the information.
I left XXXX a message that he responded to regarding this.
I recently learned that my personal information was used to open an account at AMERIASSIST AR SOLUTION.
and I am not able to.
It did not match with the records that I have from the creditor.
2. )
In XX/XX/XXXX, I needed to save money for my wedding and a few financial emergencies that came unexpectedly.
The Consumer Financial Protection Bureau complaint number, against ChexSystems is XXXX. 

They failed to give a year for this information.

15 U.S.C 1681 Section 604
They are in violation of FCRA 15 U.S C Section 1681.
Most importantly, I never sent my documentation to anyone else as it deemed as high risk due to the potential for fraud.
The lease agreement contains my electronic signature as a co-signor which I never authorized.
Called then to inquire.
The inquiry was not authorized XXXX XXXX Date of inquiry : XX/XX/XXXX Please remove it from my credit report. 

I have already verified who I say I am.
I responded to this email on XX/XX/2019 inquiring as to why I should authorize something that seems so counterintuitive or mail such sensitive information to a company who has allowed a fradulent account to be opened so easily.
and I explain to them regarding the email that I was told not to pay XX/XX/XXXX and plus I have invested the money already and that issue will cause to make my payment late, so they gave me to XX/XX/XXXX to complete XX/XX/XXXXpayment and any fees
The listed items are entirely inaccurate and incomplete, and as such represents a very serious error in your reporting. 


I will be contacting the Attorney General 's office about this as well.
I tried to access my bank account, and the notification explicitly said ( and I quote directly ), " We've locked your account.
Also, they claim to be a government ran business and attorneys and investigators.
I asked where was my online payment of {$100.00}.
I was forced to voluntarily surrender my XXXX XXXX XXXX.
i cant buy food or send my kids to daycare because i cant buy food.
the credit bureaus are reporting a collection account on my credit file from XXXX XXXX.
I never signed up for recurring payments and when I used the card before to make a payment with them it was one time payments only.
Please explain the method World Finance Corporation used in determining a discrepancy in information accordingly with the CFR 12 1022.3 & FCRA 15 - 1681 Identity Theft.
I have faxed the signed completed form on XX/XX/2018. 

my refunds from XXXX will be rejected due to u closing my account though???? 

When i learned what was happening i contacted PNC multiple times and spent hours pleading and arguing with many different supervisors for help.
He asked me to wire back {$1400.00}, the next day he claim they didn't get because their bank didn't allow such a large amount.
Second Certified mail tracking number sent to XXXX on XXXX/XXXX/XXXX : XXXX.
( 3 ) XXXX XXXX XXXX, XX/XX/XXXX ( 4 ) XXXX XXXX XXXX ( 5 ) XXXX
Noone from NFCU reached out to me regarding this issue which is extremely concerning.
15 USC 1681i ( a ) ( 1 ) ( A ), Can you reinvestigate the completeness and accuracy of the list of accounts below : XXXX XXXX XXXX Account XXXX 1.Validate Account XXXX XXXX XXXX  Account Number : XXXX : 2.Validate Account XXXX XXXX XXXXXXXX Account Number : XXXX 3.Validate
so I dont get paid a lot.
I have strong belief that my credit information as been leaked.
I further and asked for a copy of a signed release wherein I waived my HIPAA rights.
1.
As per section 1681 of FCRA and Section 809b of the FDCPA.


In accordance with the Fair Credit Reporting act XXXX  Account # XXXX ( OPENED XX/XX/21 ), has violated my rights.
Experian says that its valid when I try to submit a dispute.
They said they don't know if I pay judge or them.
After attempting to contact truist on several occasions Im left with no help.
If XXXX maintains that lending and borrowing transactions occurred, XXXX must supply relevant signed documents that amount to legally binding debt instruments and unconditional promise to pay.
A creditor shall report any subsequent resolution of any delinquencies reported pursuant to subsection ( b ) to the parties to whom such delinquencies were initially reported.
Multiple fees of {$37.00} for overdraft they won't let me stop or activate overdraft protection horse have a low risk account this fee has happened more than 10 times in the past 12 months I can't do it
To my knowledge, I have not signed any documents authorizing your organization to view my credit history therefore, your inquiry into my credit report violates the Fair Credit Reporting Act, Section 1681b ( c ) :
XXXX ACCOUNT # XXXX ACCOUNT # XXXX
i was told they have to call.
He needs to be in jail.
This company has continuously failed to validate this collection account further violating FDCPA 809b per the FTC opinion.
However, they are making exceptions for claims related to covid-19.
I chose XXXX, he said ok, and called me back XX/XX/XXXX to confirm my choice.
I just get sent in circles and nothing has been done at all.one sends me back to the other ones
I will definitely let others interested in home loans not to bother with PNC. 

Replace ( 2 ) 1x4 on front garage.
You can either 1 ) extend the due date of the loan or 2 ) make your next payment on time, which means the overpayment is applied to the principal of the loan.
XXXX  XXXX XXXX XXXX with ACCT # XXXX opened on XX/XX/XXXX with a balance of {$1600.00} -This is not my account. 


I have tried contacting the credit bureaus and no one was able to help me, I was just being pass around to the department.
In accordance with the fair Credit Reporting Act.
At which time Chase bank froze the account and would not allow the transaction.
On XX/XX/XXXX, I submitted a letter electronically via the XXXX XXXX XXXX 's website detailing the request to lower my monthly payments.
This correspondence is in response to XXXX CFPB response to Complaint ID XXXX dated XX/XX/XXXX ( reference in attachments below ).
My XXXX student loans has never been late.
My only thought is that my statement did not get to me.
XXXX XX/XX/XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX, XXXX XXXX XXXX. 



Vice Pres XXXX   and XXXX XXXX of XXXX XXXX XXXX ( XXXX  ), XXXX - XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX - XXXX, MD XXXX  AND - Caliber Home Loans XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX, OK XXXX  
There are three players in this mess and they are XXXX  on XXXX XXXX, XXXX XXXX , and Capital One. 


I appreciate your time and consideration.
I was targeted for the Citigold banking XXXX AAdvantage miles promotion that was happening.
attached is a copy of my victim 's complaint and affidavit and police for fraud on my account since I been oversea since 2011.
Please help me in getting them takin off. 


You can not deny and lie when multiple people have sworn to this.
I called her back, unprofessional, rude, and condescending.
At the time, he confirmed that I could use these funds to cover all but the 1 % of out-of-pocket costs for the home purchase.
I was never late and this account needs to be removed.
To whom it may concern : On XX/XX/XXXX, I took out a Mortgage in the amount of {$240000.00} with XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX. 


I was told that the amount is under investigation and till the investigation is over, my account will remain frozen. 

4 )
Someone else stole money and now I am being framed for it and my bank is doing nothing to help my situation or actually investigate the situation.
A fraudulent charge was placed on my account for {$1200.00} on XXXX and I issued a compliant and my bank refuses to refund my money.
The date that the supervisor gave is XX/XX/XXXX - After 30days the fund is still held and the account is still locked.
Instead, both companies refer to internal printout of alleged payments made in XX/XX/XXXX-XX/XX/XXXX and admit that they have no other evidence to back up their claims. 

My checking account was illegally accessed on XX/XX/2022 and a wire transfer of {$9100.00} plus a wire transfer fee of {$20.00} was taken without my permission.
I currently have 2 credit cards with them and ALWAYS pay on time and pay the accounts off every month.
to date, there has been nothing.
The most recent communication I have received from them was on XX/XX/XXXX that stated that they believe my request for debt validation was " submitted on a form supplied to you by a credit repair organization. ''
During this time, I had contacted the XXXX XXXX Metro Police Dept.  regarding the identity theft and they could not help since I didn't know who stole my identity.
The letter was a generic statement letter ... "
XXXX ACCT # XXXX Consumer called Furnisher/Creditor on Saturday XX/XX/XXXX at XXXXXXXX XXXX EST and spoke with a banking agent/Specialist named XXXX and asked for a Late Fee waiver for late fee issued in XX/XX/XXXX.
This is also unfair and deceptive practice.
They are reporting this fraud to the 3 bureaus and damaging my consumer credit files.
And rhis must be happening to millions of other Americans.
Equifax already ships all of its jobs XXXX to XXXX workers they pay pennies per day who sound like mind controlled robots and who have no clue about laws governing credit reporting in the U.S. and now the company in my estimation is willingly misleading Americans to falsely believe we have been the victims of Identity theft just to hawk more products at us.
Offer letters from both XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX cash-out refinance and XXXX  XXXX  XXXX are evidences of the predatory nature of your loan practices, where your rate is 2 % higher and the unfair bar that XXXX XXXX  and Loan Depot set up to " XXXX other finance companys service in order to gain the extra profit. 


As a result, I would like for CFPB to investigate this matter.
They never did a fair investigation according to the 15 USC 1681.


Seen them well Fargo paid XXXX XXXX from my account because she was a victim of a fraud, I never got reimbursed for my money and now my account it overdrawn and closed. 


XXXX XXXX XXXX
I know this information because I am an Accredited ACH Professional ( AAP ). 

No. : XXXX
I am aware that communication means the conveying of information regarding a debt directly or indirectly to any person through any medium.
I never received a Material Disclosure of any of the information that was supposed to be provided to me.
Since everything was settled in court, they no longer have the right to contact me in any way, especially making false accusations claiming they are the United States government.
I'm a victim of identity theft I filed a police report and sent to all credit bureaus XXXX, XXXX, XXXX I dispute a creditor which had been taken off 2 years ago which show up in my XXXX  credit report this is fraud then recently it was put back I dispute and was not take off.
XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXXXXXX Date Opened : XX/XX/XXXX Balance : {$10000.00}, XXXX XXXX XXXX  XXXX Date Opened : XX/XX/XXXX Balance : {$1700.00}, XXXX XXXX XXXX Date Opened : XX/XX/XXXX Balance : {$10000.00}, XXXX XXXX Date Opened : XX/XX/XXXX Balance : {$7600.00}, XXXX XXXX Date Opened : XX/XX/XXXX Balance : {$23000.00}
I have since ordered another laptop directly from XXXX, I do not need an XXXX gift card in such a large amount, and that initial charge of {$370.00} will continue to accrue finance charges, costing me additional money for an item I do n't have, all the while it remains on the card.
Do I open a new account?
I have made over XXXX calls and they have not done anything to help me.
Moneylion has sent me to collection and wrecked my credit for a debt I never had and know nothing about.
I called the company and they didnt want to hear that the debt was not mine.
This submission grants Experian an additional 15 days to investigate my dispute by statutory requirement ( FCRA ).
XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX.
I saw a banner on the page notifying me that my account had been closed. 

I'm at a loss how to contact Experian and gain access to the account setup fraudulently to access to my credit.
Dispute with XXXX  Online or by Mail at XXXX.
Midland Mortgage did not meet and/or satisfy requirement of Verification of Debt.
Yet that was not the answer i was given when asked how long i have.
On XX/XX/XXXX I called and spoke to a service rep and was hung up on.
I have contacted Kohls repeatedly to get a refund for the item.
Today  XXXX  XXXX /2017
I demand that you mark my account as Paid in Full immediately, respond to this e-mail noting that my account is Paid in Full and immediately cease any further withdrawal activity.
I called the next morning to get it resolved and get refunded and they were extremely rude stated that I have XXXX accounts for Moneykey and that I owed them. 


Not to mention the other XXXX agencies charge {$5.00} to lift a freeze and Experian charges {$10.00}.
I just wanted to get the funds settled because loan depot lost {$5200.00} in funds. 


They suggested that I contact you to get this removed and to stop Hunter Warfield from continuing to do this. 


XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX.
At the same time, in that same letter, Wells Fargo stated : If you dont have a detachable payment coupon from your statement, please note your account number in the memo section of the check.
Want to see our payment history, where our payments being applied to.
I was advised {$230.00} would need to be transferred
{$81.00}, XXXXXXXX= {$76000.00}. 


She said it 's a Capital One credit card debt from 15 years ago that was {$200.00} that they usuriously grew to over {$5000.00}.
Company was also supposed to be licensed and insured.
someone told me about creating an account with XXXX so I can check my credit.
All documentation attached.
I received a copy of my credit report and found you are reporting incorrect information to the credit bureaus!! 

Both of the " investigations '' by XXXX XXXX came back indicating that a Gift Card was purchased for {$100.00} on XX/XX/2017 and that my depute was invalid.
" Then where is it? ''
XXXX XXXX XXXX - {$1200.00} XXXX XXXX XXXX - {$360.00} XXXX XXXX XXXX - {$340.00}
When I asked the teachers for help with problem solving, I was told to confer with my peers, who were just as unprepared as myself.
The U.S. Dollar has been taken out of circulation by the Federal Government and replaced by the Federal Reserve Notes.
They made me a bunch of promises and they did not fulfill with their end of the deal.
XXXX XXXX XXXX 9.
also, there was NO written form of communication, contract, or signature for this accused debt at all.
I began disputing the Commonwealth Financial entry on that is reflected on my credit report in XX/XX/. I retrieved a copy of my credit report on XX/XX/XXXX and noticed that they had placed an entry on my reports that was inaccurate, unverifiable and erroneous.
Its been over 2 months with no information given to me regarding these accounts.
Alleged account number.


I've educated my lawyer regarding my aims and they are eager to consider you responsible for your tenacious rebelliousness. 


XXXX Balance : {$640.00} ; XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXXXXXX Balance : {$570.00} ; XXXX XXXX ( Original Creditor : XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX )
To send my final modification in such a manner only leaves me with the impression that SPS hopes I do n't receive it.
and after four letters detailing this, they still refuse to rectify this and record the payments properly and remove the escrow.
I also have an email from Indigo today XX/XX/22 from saying they did not receive a payment and its late.
The Payoff on page 2 explains that " This payoff quote is good through the date listed on the front page.
Now please help me this because i will pursue litigation for false information.
This morning XX/XX/2020, I see an unauthorized AUTOMATIC DEBIT WAS TAKEN FROM MY ACCOUNT in the amount of XXXX, after they had responded to my email saying they would not do this!
I have contacted XXXX directly on XXXX/XXXX/15 and have had no response thereafter.
This is my place but all correspondence should be at XXXX XXXX XXXX, XXXX XXXX Ca XXXX or email : XXXX.
Per my online banking statement I had a close of business balance of {$38.00} as of XXXX/XXXX/15 and no new Posted transactions to my account for XXXX/XXXX/15.
I had my employment certified from both institutions.
I recently tried to take out a loan with people I thought were legit.
Weve spent countless hours emailing with LOGS Legal to no avail.
This is a complaint against LoanCare a subsidiary of XXXX a mortgage company. 


In this email, I warned that further failure to provide me access to my money would result in a complaint to the Consumer Financial Protection Board. 

I spoke to a supervisor.
They called XXXX and the person on the phone told the banker and my husband we had 2 options, Pay the full amount or buy the car back at auction.
That is unacceptable after violating my rights.
I absolutely appreciate the time taken by the CFPB and XXXX to look at this issue.
25.
It showed a XXXX message requesting a call to the number XXXX to resolve this computer problem.
I filed a dispute in XX/XX/2020.
Tried using the online BOA chat app to no avail. 

ATTACHMENTS XXXX ( 113.6 KB )
I asked for the recordings of the 3rd customer service people who spoke to who said, the wire was stopped in time.
I arrived for the closing and realized the funds were not available.
they were received by Equifax, XXXX XXXX XXXX on XX/XX/2021 & XX/XX/2021 respectively ( copies of Proof of Service attached ).
Thank you for your assistance
HE REFUSED TO ANSWER .... 


I also paid takes as a earned income for the balance of $ XXXX
I am exercising my right as a consumer who is a victim of identity theft.
Is truely unfair to me and my child.
He said the fax can take XXXX.
I questioned if he had called Wells Fargo fraud department.
I'm so frustrated with BMO bank, and I would greatly appreciate it if CFPB can help step in.
Ridiculous.
As part of my original complaint, I attached an email from my loss mitigation representative, which addressed this very matter before the process was completed.
I have read multiple reviews online about issues like mine and all are just disgusting.
am a victim of identity theft and I want this fraudulent information removed from my credit report immediatly :
While trying to look for work and applying for XXXX XXXX related positions, President Trump issued a government shutdown.
15 U.S.C 1681 Section 604
Wells Fargo split the CD into 2 CD accounts for each beneficiary.
I have asked repeatedly that this be corrected, and they wil not comply with FCRA Be advised that the description of the procedure used to determine the accuracy and completeness of the information is hereby requested as well.
In the meantime, I had already paid {$600.00} to XXXX because I did not know my account had been turned over to collections. 


See page XXXX of attachment. 

Back in XXXX I sent a letter to Bank of America explaining we are having financial difficulties and being retired the health expenses have been increasing.
The installers from XXXX XXXX XXXX installed the granite countertops but not the backsplashes.
I made another full pmnt in XXXX.
The problem has not been resolved.
and i received email about my account has been locked without any reason. 


I submitted a dispute to the credit bureaus on XX/XX/2021 and still haven't received a response by mail.
I have no knowledge of this and All is being investigated by the FTC and Under 15 U.S. Code 1681b Permissible purposes of consumer reports i never gave any written consent to report anything on my consumer reports no consent is fraud.
I was looking into refinancing opportunities but never authorized a credit inquiry from this company.
It is my official statement that someone and/or several people have opened these accounts and made transactions on these accounts without my knowledge or authorization, my personal information has been used to obtain goods, services, or money : and the person ( s ) responsible for creating these accounts. 


Furthermore, on Thursday, XXXX XXXX, XXXX, I requested during a phone conversation with XXXX XXXX ( at XXXX ; I informed her that that call was being recorded for record-keeping and documentation purposes, and she did not object to being recorded. )
My original balance of loan debt was approximately {$27000.00}.
At this time, I solely seek the correct remedy to my personal credit report and dispute the remaining information to correct.
Due to the fact that legally they did not follow the correct procedure nor have they verified the amount owed it should be removed immediately.
My mom told them they can not do that because the Mid Atlantic finance company agreed to let me pay by XX/XX/XXXX.
Instead of displaying [ First Name ] middle initial " XXXX '' it needs to display [ First Name ] middle initial " XXXX ''.
XXXX XXXX-
I checked with XXXX XXXX and noticed that they repossessed the vehicle, with no attempt to contact me.
They said I need to contact them AGAIN!
I have contact the FTC and the police here.
To : Whom It May concern : I am writing to dispute a fraudulent charge on my account in the amount of {$1000.00}. 

equifax and trans wont remove the items with a police report and ftc complaint number saying that the items belong to me after they removed them for year.
The phone call escalated with me hanging up.
When I tried to show him the confirmation he put his hand in my face and said " I am done with you '' he then ran to his truck while yelling " I am having your husband arrested for grand theft auto ''.
Member Service, XXXX -- -- - [ From : XXXX, XXXX XXXX XXXX ) ; XX/XX/2019 XXXX ] --
In addition, they are not abiding by our requests to cease and desist.
Room shown was unacceptable and I have pictures.
she tells me there are no previous charges on my since as of XXXX XXXX had printed out the cancelled charges of the tv 's, and walmart has removed all information and closed the account I called about, sent me a new card with the charges on it!
Basically we will be XXXX.
The dispute analysts only want to call and speak in person.
The 2nd call after logging onto the mobile app, which might I add, hard navigating.
For years I have been a victim of Identity theft.
so once payment was made the company kept saying I sent it to the wrong account which I sent it where they told me to.
XXXX XXXX Credit card paid off on XX/XX/XXXX.
I, said what about XXXX XXXX?
please correct the missing/incorrect information date of last activities.
my XXXX  has me at a credit score over 719 XXXX  has me at a score around 590.
so how in the heck are hey verifying them with you?
I also understand that knowing and a willful misstatement or omissions of material facts constitutes a federal criminal violation punishable under 18 U.S.C. 1001.
I did not choose this company - they purchased some existing student loans I had with XXXX, so I was never given the option to use the free market to find a company that provided better service. 


And are there not standards for the length of time between a request is made and a response is given.
I ASK HIM DID U GET THE LETTER I SEND OUT ON XX/XX/2018
Experian is required to have proper authorization and consent to report any information to my consumer report.
also there was no written form of communication, contract or signature for this accused debt at all.
ALSO, THE FDCPA STATES, " YOU CAN NOT ATTEMPT TO COLLECT AN DEBT WHILE A PERSON ( THE CONSUMER ) SUPRESS VALIDATION.
The debt collector issued the letter on XX/XX/2022.
XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX, FL XXXX 15 U.S. Code 1681s2 ( a ) DUTY OF FURNISHERS OF INFORMATION TO PROVIDE ACCURATE INFORMATION XXXX )
We have paid our mortgage on XX/XX/XXXX and you deposited it on XX/XX/XXXX in the amount of {$1500.00} and on XX/XX/XXXX we paid {$1600.00} and on XX/XX/XXXX we paid {$1700.00} and our mortgage remains current and paid according to the invoices they send out on a monthly basis. 


Transunion has not removed!
( IDENTITY THEFT ) please fix!!
The current amount they have me owing now is {$2100.00}.
Good Morning, I pulled my credit bureau report from XXXX and I discovered EOS-CCA had a debt account inherited from XXXX XXXX XXXX tied to me.
When I removed the unauthorized user from the account on or before XX/XX/2007.
XXXX XXXX was our loan servicer and not once did they require a personal home liability policy.
Wednesday morning ( XXXX/XXXX/2016 )
Please see attached escrow statements.
The bank processed 2 of 3 payments incorrect, the account number of the account being settled was on all 3 checks.


According to the XX/XX/XXXX letter, three of my loans ( XXXX ) had 23 payments counted toward the PSLF program.
There is a fraudulent account reporting on my credit file ; XXXX XXXX ( Original Creditor XXXX XXXX XXXX_XXXXy XXXX-
The lady told me she call the branch and have them contact me.
Again I advised XXXX that I've never done business with Reliant, she then spats out my social security number over the phone without any verification of my true identity.
You must provide me a copy of ANY original documentation required under Section 609 ( a ) ( 1 ) ( A ) & Section 611 ( a ) ( 1 ) ( A ) ( a consumer contract with my signature on it ) and under Section 611 ( 5 ) ( A ) of the FCRA you are required to promptly DELETE all information which can not be verified. 

Hard inquiry because they only informed me on one inquiry.
In XXXX, while I was out XXXX shopping, Capital One chose to send multiple texts to my phone verifying if I was the person attempting to make a purchase.
In XX/XX/XXXX, I received an alert that I missed a student loan payment.
They never got back to me.
XXXX.
This deals with case # XXXX, in it i stated that Wells Fargo bank had called me to collect a debt I did not owe.
( See Exhibit C, Response from Blank and XXXX for Bank of America and XXXX XXXX XXXX dated, XXXX XXXX.
No changes were necessary and I did not receive any alerts.
I have disputed and reach out to Experian several times and they say the same thing over and over, The companies either need to send proof or validation or it needs to be removed.
( 3 ) Notice.
This is the 3rd attempt to get items corrected on my credit report.
In accordance with the Fair Credit Reporting act XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX # XXXXXXXX XXXX XXXX  # XXXXXXXX XXXX XXXX # XXXXXXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX # XXXX, XXXX XXXX XXXX # XXXX, XXXX XXXX XXXX # XXXX has violated my rights. 


Since i still need to run my ebay business to pay my bills they are currently hold {$25000.00}.
In accordance with the Fair Credit Reporting act DRS # XXXX, has violated my rights. 

I have had to have several numbers blocked from m
y phone provider because of the harassment.
This company continues to deny my offers of resolution and continue threatening the negative impact to my credit as well as holding that in their negotiation tactics. 


XXXX sent me bill at {$780.00}.
Please review the complaints I submitted and note that my secondary complaint that I submitted was not a duplicate as they claim and they have already admitted that they have not received proof to dispute my claims from the original " creditor ''.
Unethical business practice.
I always order my credit reports on the same day and don't want to delay two reports that come on an annual basis to allow for more than a year for delivery of the third report.
The vehicle was sold at auction and sold for more than what was owed.
We wish to work with you to achieve successful repayment of your student loans.  
He replied the home is in foreclosure. 


If the timeshare was foreclosed, it was then resold and my wife and I have no rights to it.
XXXX Capital One I filled out a theft report with the company sying i never had a capital one card
15 U.S.C 1681 section 604 A section 2 : It also states a consumer reporting agency can not furnish a account without my written instructions.
Notice of debt was not sent until AFTER collection started.
As I began our discussion, the bank did not steal any money from you. 

My email linked to my PayPal is XXXX XXXX
XXXXXXXX XXXX  Account Number :
I pulled my credit report and nothing new showed up.
These accounts are causing me anf my family financial damage. 


XXXX send me a letter and said she would be my dedicated single point of contact throughout this process ( To reduce my house payment by combining my XXXX lines of credit into the original line of credit )
( XXXX XXXX born in Michigan State )
No one could tell me the process to get my " principal only '' payments accurately posted to the principal balance.
My husband and I recently reviewed our credit reports and found in accurate reporting of Late Payments of our auto loan payments to XXXX.
You said that these items were verified by the collection agency however there is nothing notated on my credit reports that these items were ever disputed.
One was my correct card i have had for 18 years, with current balance of {$0.00} and another was a fraudulent account showing balance of {$2400.00} XXXX around XXXX which Victoria secret had already handled and took care of but was still showing on my report.
As a customer service rep could not assist me, I was transferred to a supervisor who stated that the company initiated a work order in XX/XX/XXXX to investigate why my taxes were not paid.
Please send me written confirmation that I am not responsible for charges on this account, and take appropriate steps to remove information about this account from my credit files.
Your reporting is completely inaccurate, and it is ruining my credit.
It is my understanding that you will recheck these items with the creditor who has posted them.
I called back and spoke to someone in the insurance department that mentioned that she would investigate, this took 50 minutes of my time.
I held back the first payment as a reserve for the unexpected.
Sanctioned stealing by PNC should not be allowed..
She said an email was being sent to me regarding my arrest and I must do everything they say.
I then received an email XX/XX/XXXX and it said they were not reporting until XX/XX/XXXX.
I uploaded and emailed my stock account and explained I am doing credit card advances/borrowing money to make ends meet until a solution arises.
( a ) ( 5 ) Section States : no consumer reporting agency may make any consumer report containing any of the following items of information Any other adverse item of information, other than records of convictions of crimes which antedates the report by more than seven years.
I reported the theft of my identity to the Federal Trade Commision and I also have enclosed copies of the Federal Trade Commisions Identity Theft Affidavit.
BUT THE BUREAU IS REFUSING TO CORRECT THIS AND REFUSING TO DELETE THIS ERRONEOUS PUBLIC RECORD FROM MY REPORT.
They sent my payments back to me.
I think this is more than an attempt to save money from just sending electronically vs sending via the mail, I would argue that Citi is making large profits off this when people receive these late payments and either just pay them off or refuse to go to the trouble to fight it like I am.
It was a week before this situation was brought to my attention, after I continuously called to check and see if the payoff payments were applied to my account. 

At all times since the original creditor was reassigned ownership of these debts from a securitized trust did any of the bank concerns, or collection agencies file a claim with the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation ( FDIC ), but the same banks had no problem destroying my personal credit rating, making it impossible for me to obtain mortgage approval to buy a home in a safe neighborhood. 
6 )
I am a XXXX U.S. military veteran applying for a va home loan.
And now this company has ripped me off.
Had an account with Nissan Motor Acceptance Corporation that went into a " Charge Off '' status as of XXXX with a balance of {$2600.00}.
I received a letter in the mail on XX/XX/2019 from Receivable Solutions , Inc. stating that I owe an amount of {$3100.00}.
IT went to United COllections who sent a bill for the {$2100.00}.
I sent 5 letters to all 3 credit bureaus requesting they investigate the inaccuracies on the XXXX XXXX XXXX.
It's clear when you file disputes with the CFPB ot the FTC these companies will play XXXX XXXX with your consumer credit report 's and this is just out right sickening.
I disputed this with XXXX, XXXX and XXXX XXXX accordingly.
Clearly Citibank made a mistake and they have me waiting for their verdict after their 90 day investigation.
it should be illegal for a company like Santander to do this to there will paying clients it was a verse time in our life and they took advantage of the situation, i don't remember how many time we were late but on some the credit reports they are reporting 5 time and others 6
I am writing this complaint in order to address a major issue I had with the US Bank.
( see exhibit-A, -B, -C ) 3.
The agent on the other hand said that they would need time to research deferment of my loan.
so I sent them documentation of the letter from XXXX XXXX XXXX to show proof of the agreement.
A creditor may not treat a payment on a credit card account under an open end consumer credit plan as late for any purpose
They have still not sent anything back from one of the letters i sent in.
My answer was none of the above, because I didnt work on any of the companies listed on their generated system.


Our Realtor was able to resolve the issue and documentation emails were provided to the USAA processor on XX/XX/XXXX.
On XX/XX/XXXX of XXXX I had received a letter from Chase Bank in reference to a recent application for their Chase Freedom XXXX card which I was denied due to the following reason : " Delinquency or other derogatory relationship with our bank '' I had disputed this account starting with all three credit bureaus with supporting documentation proving and also requesting proof from the bank regarding the account in question in this letter as I had never opened said account back in XXXX in XXXX as I hadn't been living there for almost a decade.
I should have trusted my gut feeling.
TheyignoredthefactthattheyhadalreadyviolatedthatandmarkedtheaccountassuchuntilAFTERIpointeditouttothem.
So, now, I am asking BMW Financial Services to provide me, in writing, a full and exhaustive list of " locations '' where I may return this wholly defective car which has always been defective, is currently defective, and will always be defective. 


So according to their records right now I owe over {$12000.00} with growing interest which will be due in full when my 5 years ends.
They are below.
Please let me know what we can do to resolve this matter so our credit is not negatively impacted. 


I am seeing this on my Transunion report under docket number XXXX and XXXX.
I am aware that I have the right to privacy of my non public personal information in accordance with 15 USC 6802 and I am exercising that right and demanding that the furnishing of this information be removed from my consumer report and not be reported by XXXX  XXXX to neither CRAS ( XXXX, Equifax, XXXX ). 


I have provided all of the above listed four ( 4 ) items within this package.
I have enclosed a copy of my FTC Identity Theft Report and your own emails and phone records supporting my position.
Navy Federal is reporting fraudulent accounts that are not mine on my report.
I followed up today and was told that not only did my loan not fund, but was n't
Please be advised that under Section 611 ( a ) ( 5 ) ( A ) of the FCRA you are required to promptly REPAIR all information which can not be verified.
Keep in mind that it is impossible to be late on an account where nothing is owed and nothing is past due.
XXXX XXXX XXXX based their decision on the fact that all XXXX credit reporting agencies still list on our credit reports all the accounts that were discharged in the bankruptcy.
I called the number provided and informed the women I was confused about what was going on.
I replied by asking who they had allowed into the apartment after we relinquished control?
I showed them the photos of the XXXX, I explained to them that XXXX refused to exchange or refund my purchase, and they still insisted I owed this money. 


I have two student loans that show up closed on my credit 6 different times I keep writting XXXX
I demand proof that the repossession of the subject vehicle was legal in accordance with the following UCC : 9-506.
During these calls at least 100 of them!
Finally, a branch manager in XXXX submitted a statement of unauthorized debit and this went to the condo association to retrieve the money.
On XX/XX/2017 my bill did not go through when it was on auto-bill.
The consumer report was deleted was disputed which is admission that both the third party debt collectors and the consumer reporting agency violated Fair Debt Collection Practices Act pursuant to Unfair and Deceptive Practices under XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX and Fair Credit Reporting Act.
Thereafter, I completed another request for my file online.
Please take a look at the attached letters and ID docs for verification that it is I XXXX XXXX XXXX filing this complaint.
There is no third party involved I attached my Id docs so you will know who I am.
Trust is so important.
In two separate transactions dated XX/XX/XXXX and XX/XX/XXXX the amounts of {$6200.00} and {$2000.00} were charged to the account as online banking advance to.
My credit score cant increase due to how theyre reporting on it
Nothing since then has changed.
Please remove them from my report.
I want to know where my refund is and when I'll get it.
My name is XXXX XXXX and I have given this company an Affidavit Of Identity theft and have informed them they are in violation of my rights by listing a fraudulent account with the credit reporting agencies. 


They have failed to do the due diligence and investigate the case correctly.
BUT I never did it ( never cancell my equipment. )
But I did manage to focus on going to school couch surfing n got my XXXX degree in XXXX. 

I'm been trying to pay down my balance.
They claimed I had too many disputes, all 3 of them out of 100 's of transactions, which were resolved without issue.
The information is not information relating to any transaction by the consumer/creditor.
They are NOT providing me with written results of the investigation.
It has been more than 60 days and I have not received a response.
I checked my credit report and there is a collection that is still reporting on my credit when it should have been deleted.
For the second time this year, my Capital One credit card has been compromised by a breach in a merchant system.
I even specifically asked at the branch if the withdrawal could be made, and the account closed, without triggering any of these fees, and their representative stated that it could.
Today is XXXX XXXX ; I called the company again today before filing my complaint.
I demand to immediately delete those accounts on my credit report or I will file for litigation.
All references to this account must be deleted and completely removed from my credit file and copy of such deletion request shall be sent to me immediately.
Dear Cust.
I wrote a letter on XX/XX/XXXX and they never responded.
Prior Loan Modification Agreement-
Residential responded to this complaint by way of the attached correspondence of or about XX/XX/2018 indicating a refund was issued in efforts to resolve the matter. 


I have paid them over XXXX on an original judgment of XXXX they sent me a new judgment amount showing I still owe XXXX ( see attached statement ).
I demanded to see Verifiable Proof ( an original Consumer Contract with my Signature on it )
They asked I fax my SSN card and drivers license to them with a cover page explaining this issue.
They refuse to take the amount I have agreed to pay again and drop it. 


She then started yelling at me telling me that based off my income and all of my debt, that I could more than afford it and I was just trying to hide my money from them and not pay them.
The items I am disputing do not relate to any transactions obtaining any possession of goods, services or money that I have made or authorized.
I did a search online.
so I just paid it.
Another method they said that the individual that they were trying to contact had written my phone number down, but quickly retracted the statement.
I HEAR NOTHING BACK!
If it's against the rules for me to offer and you have to throw my case out then please disregard this last part and just ignore it.
One billing department was not in sync with the other department and consequently the lates that are reporting in both XXXX and XXXX are false.
I have also recently discovered that Fifth Third Bank has misappropriated my property taxes which has created a delinquent balance and has been charging unwarranted fees.
These accounts are reporting as charged off, these accounts where never late or missed a payment I have repeatedly requested XXXX, Experian and XXXX to validate these account and updated accounts.
They just sent my information to the collection agency without proper follow up or letter.
XXXX have investigated this account and they concluded the account was not matching my records of being assigned to me.
*
I requested an updated partial claim.
this is not ending now this previous debt that was removed from my profile XXXX again leaves another company in XXXX where my name is affected.
Im attaching the required FTC Report for you and the bank 's records ( learned through more research both parties require ).
On Wednesday XX/XX/XXXX I called XXXX XXXX XXXX to follow up on a settlement offer I submitted via their online portal.
Dates Ive contacted the company : XX/XX/XXXX XX/XX/XXXX XX/XX/XXXX XX/XX/XXXX
Capital One still to this day h as this car showing as a repossession on my credit report when that is inaccurate.
I closed it in XXXX XXXX with a {$10000.00} XXXX XXXX in Pays As Agreed status.
Transactions from XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX.
The 3 credit bureaus are required to authenticate these items under Sections 609 ( a ) ( 1 ) ( A ) and 611 ( a ) ( 1 ).
It says " refinanced, closed/Never late, but the unfortunate truth is I stopped paying the loan prior to  XXXX  2009.

My credit report includes the erroneous information that needs to be investigated and delete :
So i was being told to pay the balance.
XXXX XXXXXXXX XXXX Account Number : XXXXXXXX XXXX XXXX Account Number :
I tried to contact Navient, the company which is handling my student loans.
As a result, there is no permissible purpose of putting the hard inquiry on my credit report.
This consumer reporting agency as defined by law has violated my rights under the FCRA for not assuring me 100 % possible maximum accuracy.
According to Walmart MoneyGram website, it states transfer money within XXXX minutes, but when I called to inquiry, I was told up to XXXX hours.
Your initial communication to me of the alleged-debt was within 30 days ago.
I however, should not be held responsible for when it was entered into the system, which was suspiciously exactly on the XXXX Day.
2. )
Obviously, the lending institutions would prefer to have all clients pay only once monthly so that they can collect the full amount of interest that would be owed on the loan, but consumers should be giving the option of making payments on a different schedule, that may better suit them.
The mortgage company XXXX New American Funding ) failed to catch this error in time to have the closing documents corrected without delaying the closing.
I requested several times that chase provided me with documents showing the right to foreclose.
The term investigative consumer report means a consumer report or portion thereof in which information on a consumers character, general reputation, personal characteristics, or mode of living is obtained through personal interviews with neighbors, friends, or associates of the consumer reported on or with others with whom he is acquainted or who may have knowledge concerning any such items of information.
For many years my loans were with XXXX.
I demand the following accounts deleted immediately.
I have provided relevant information about my Identity Theft Report.
I have been placed on Early Warning by some bank and it is preventing me from opening a account.
This duty extends to all student loan accounts reported to CRAs, regardless of whether they were accurate at one point, because the section requires the furnisher both to update accounts as well as to correct. 

They are saying the primary account holder removed me from the account which reduced me to 3rd party status.
I WAS NOT CURRENT. 

She was making payments until XX/XX/XXXX.
I am a victim of identity theft.
I told her I would have to figure some things out, and call her back.
I never received a response from them regarding the modification on the loan.
I was unable to make payment because I had the cash on me and was in XXXX.
As shown in Exhibit E.

Does not show date of last payment, therefore the information is incomplete.
I appreciate any help you can give.
15 U.S.C 1681 Section 604
They ended up on my credit report anyway. 


A few weeks ago a lady came to my door and wanted me to open but refused to identify herself.
This year I changed back to the same plan as in XX/XX/XXXXwith the same HSA.
I purchased a vehicle in XXXX of XXXX with a down payment of {$20000.00} I was originally told by the dealership that the internet rate would be 12 % only to later find out that it was 13.87 %.
I have modest but ok income.
15 U.S.C 1681 section I. States : Reinvestigations of disputed information ( 1 ) Reinvestigation required ( A ) In general Subject to subsection ( f ) and except as provided in subsection ( g ), if the completeness or accuracy of any item of information contained in a consumers file at a consumer reporting agency is disputed by the consumer and the consumer notifies the agency directly, or indirectly through a reseller, of such dispute, the agency shall, free of charge, conduct a reasonable reinvestigation to determine whether the disputed information is inaccurate and record the current status of the disputed information, or delete the item from the file in accordance with paragraph ( XXXX ), before the end of the XXXX period beginning on the date on which the agency receives the notice of the dispute from the consumer or reseller.
I was also told that the creditor does not send Experian a letter in writing to remove the fraudulent information, it would remain on my credit for up to 7 years as it was " verified '' by the creditor with my name and social security number, that clearly has been breached. 


( A ).
I have reached out to milestone on numerous occassions in regards to the inaccuracies of this account.
My name is XXXX XXXX, I have noticed many incorrect and unauthorized items appeared in my report.
Then upon a follow-up phone call, they then indicated they had to mail us a new form to then fill out and return.
Congress passed a bill that only non-private hospitals can charge interest on a hospital bill, because it an unliquidated debt.
XXXX a XXXX man business and that XXXX is crushing to me.
I have tried on the phone and on their website.
Our ultimate decision as to why we removed the loan contingency was primarily based on the reassurance received, via text, from my assigned NACA Closing Coordinator XXXX XXXX up above.
Since I have disputed the lates with the creditor, and you obviously " verified '' them, I am very curious as to what kinds of " records '' you may have for this alleged account.
The amount of XXXX XXXX dollars ( {$67.00} ) is in error.
My information has been compromised and used to obtain goods illegally on my behalf.
I am asking that the overdraft fees be waived and the negative reporting be removed from XXXX XXXX
None of which has honored my request even though my card is insured by XXXX to prevent events like this from occurring and providing a valid dispute resolution process. 


The credit bureau are refusing to take this off my credit.
Can you please explain how we can help you? 


However, I received no communication to let me know that I was being sued for this debt, so had no opportunity to show up in court to defend myself based on the statute of limitations for debt collections.
but they could not find any record of me. 


They are deriving this home private home address from their banking computer systems. 

I have sent a fax of notification telling them to remove these negative marks on my credit bureau.
Also Texas fair credit reporting.
During this conversation I requested to be set up on the bi-weekly payment withdrawals that were now being offered, and instructed to send in a copy of a voided check.
15 USC 1681i ( A.5 ) says that after the reinvestigations ... all the unverified information must promptly be removed.
Experian not only refused to provide the requested information but continue reporting unverified information on my credit report.
Moreover, XXXX XXXX and their authorized dealership worked out a deal with XXXX XXXX about the vehicle but made a mistake by misjudging what it would sell for at auction.         	
XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX )
The referred closing date of XX/XX/XXXX has NEVER been disclosed to the buyer and the buyers agent ( please see buyer agents statement in attachment ).
My account is now negative and as a small business owner XXXX $ will make or break me.
I called again today and apparently someone called me on XX/XX/XXXX and I did not answer.
I asked them how they acquired all the phone numbers, but they would not tell me, i told them not to call me or my relatives again.
I tell XXXX branch introduce Propel Card paper dont show you mentioned 15 or 12 months reason, If you delete bonus offer for my new card, you must notice me before, or dont accept my application.
Disputes about information on this report must be submitted to XXXX.
The second reinstatement was for the amount of {$30000.00} and I asked for this one to be emailed to my daughters email address.
15 U.S. Code 1602 - Definitions and rules of construction section ( G )
I sent XXXX an updated document on qualifying employment for the Public Service Loan Forgiveness Program, because that is a best practice each year and I take this very seriously.
Additionally, LoanCare has advised me on several calls that they will be calling me tomorrow but they do n't call.
In accordance with the Fair Credit Reporting act : XXXX XXXX XXXX Account # XXXX, has violated my rights. 

When we asked to remove the forbearance in XXXX because we had never requested it, they reported late payments.
It was Dr. XXXX XXXX.
Please remove item that is harming me financially.
I think the company is committing fraud for getting us to use their cards and then not honoring the offer they had promised.
About six months ago, the lender sent me a letter stating that I had missed a payment, but after going through with their dispute department, they realized that were wrong and that I had made all of my payments on time which they said they had corrected.
They claim that I was never targeted for the promotion.
There were also some inquiries that are not mine as well, XXXX  XXXX XXXX  XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX  XXXX  XXXX XXXX  XXXX  XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX  XXXX XXXX  XXXX XXXX XXXX  XXXX XXXX XXXX  XXXX XXXX.
My credit score has been improving and I have been paying down my debts.
The office was closed.
THIS NEEDS FIXED IMMEDIATELY!
This latter request has not been met. 


I've contacted by XXXX XXXX XXXXr, as well as syncrony bank  today ( XX/XX/18 ), and neither have any records indicating that there is an open account under my name/SS #.
Again, I have tried unsuccessfully to get this resolved with my mortgage company and I am frustrated as to what to do next.
Further, when attempting to locate the vehicle in the Virginia XXXX system, a VIN for that vehicle was not able to be located which leads me to believe that this car was mean to be " junked '' or for salvage.
Per FDCPA I am aware that a charge off or collection account is a direct violation due to reporting a balance.
They do it all the time they send a statement in the mail and they make people think that this is what is owed, but in actuality it is what has been paid.
I disputed XXXX XXXX  ACCT # XXXX and XXXX XXXX ACCT # XXXX and XXXX
This lady ( I didn't get her name ) told me that they would send the documents to my County to have them recorded and it could take 60 days.
Transunion and equifax are reporting tax liens, judgements, and public records on my account,.
At the end of XXXX my mortgage was transferred from my previous lender to the new lender Fifth Third Bank.
Their subsequent conduct made that all very evident.
In addition to this, around XX/XX/XXXX I submitted updated paperwork for another year of completed services towards PSLF.
In reference to the assistance offered to me by Select Portfolio Servicing XXXX XXXX, in an effort to help me bring my account up to date, the only SPS ever offered me, was that of a Repayment Plan.
This account need to be investigate and corrected for erroneous reporting in my file is listed on my credit report : XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX Date Opened : XX/XX/2006 Balance {$480000.00}
The request was for {$12000.00} to roll all existing debt into one monthly payment over a predetermined term.
They referred it to Waypoint Resource Group on XX/XX/XXXX.
The check includes my social security number as this is what the California State Tax Board requires.
Since it is a necessity by regulation 605b of the FCRA I'm sending this Complaint to assist with laying out a lawful response.
To : Whom It May concern : I am writing to dispute a fraudulent charge on my account in the amount of {$19000.00}, {$0.00}, {$0.00}, {$0.00}, {$4000.00}, {$29000.00}, {$4000.00}, {$13000.00}, {$40000.00}, {$30000.00}, {$54000.00}, {$160.00}, {$13000.00}. 

I paid a cash deposit which is illegal.
( 2 ) I extended the lease for another 3 months before the first lease expired ( 3 ) I called NMAC on XX/XX/XXXX to check if my bank account has been setup to pay the extended lease.
all that XXXX AND Transunion did as far as an investigation goes is contact the debt collector for confirmation which 10 out of 10 they ALWAYS SAY
I got email from Credit karma saying I was pre approved so I filled out them it said I was denied it has happened twice and it messed up my credit score!
Been in contact with Experian for almost 7 years to get information reported corrected they are reporting 6 accounts in error I have called, wrote letters, had companies call in and submit documentation to support claim and Experian refuse to update the following account reporting errors.
Me : I'm quite sure as a CEO/ broker sir.
My home is all I have for my daughter and I and I have been trying!!
We have written several letters over the last year and then I came upon your sight.
i tried reaching out to this bureau several times about accounts that do not belong to me.
My credit report still shows a collection and has hurt me for 2 years.
I can't even use the online portal it keeps telling me it recognizes i have an account already because it recognizes my social security number and that i need to contact customer support at Equifax, you call them and go through the process and still nothing is changed.
in accordance with the Fair Credit Reporting Act XXXX  Account # XXXX XXXX-Retail Account # XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX Account # XXXX XXXX Card Account # XXXX XXXX XXXX Account # XXXX XXXX XXXX Account # XXXX XXXX XXXX Account # XXXX XXXX XXXX Account # XXXX XXXX BANK XXXX,
I feel that this is my only option to be able to get this issue corrected so that my family can finally move forward with securing a loan and a new home for us to live.
that's how they have a lot of money they keep everyone money that they can't get it out.
My lender refused to send my loan to VA for another partial claim.
A person shall not furnish any information relating to a consumer to any consumer reporting agency if the person knows or has reasonable cause to believe that the information is inaccurate.
I made the arrangement and the money was paid out XXXX XXXX.
Please let me know if you need any other information from me to block this information from my credit report.
After your investigation of these accounts and after verifying that all account information is accurate I have found that your investigation was not done correctly.
They are constantly adding additional fees to my account which should be closed.
XXXX stated Ocwen had determined " I was not the Ocwen customer the company alleged defrauded them.
Veteran Affairs deed in lieu point of contact appointed by Bank of America ( BOA ) in XXXX 2011.
My credit issues are very specific, these accounts and/or items do not belong to me.
An affidavit was signed and sent in to Wells Fargo regarding missing payments, investigated, unresolved.
Mr. Cooper ( formerly Nationstar ) sent me advertising materials about purchasing a home protection warranty, which I agreed to because they said they could pay the monthly premiums directly from my escrow account.
Any and all formal documents should always be sent with a returned receipt.
XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX ....
I recently disputed a collections account on that was on all of my credit reports from XXXX, Experian, and XXXX.
They also informed me that they do not and did not report to any Credit Bureaus because the Court does not report to the Credit Bureaus. 


As a consumer I request that you provide In FULL DETAIL the procedure that was used to investigate these fraudulent accounts.
Accounts added and/or created unbeknownst to me Notice to whom it be of concern, It is YOU I hold accountable and accuse of complicity in exercise of malevolent did-compliance.
I contacted transunion through a certified letter in XX/XX/2018 asking for written validation of a collection reported on my credit report.
Chase has ignored my documentation and proof, reversed my dispute and submitted negative feedback to the credit reporting agencies, immediatley lowering my credit score.
BANK IS BLOCKING MY ACCOUNT FROM MAKING TRANSFERS TO XXXX XXXX.
It is well over 30 days again and the account still has 9 accuracies and nothing has been updated or removed.
Incidentally, the credit card number was changed by Discover more than once. 

During the closing, the loan officer said I can call in anytime to close the escrow account if I want to. 


Additionally, these misstatements are punishable as perjury under 18 U.S.C. 1621.
Despite notification and removal of the errors by XXXX, XXXX, Midland Credit Management has continued to report the erroneous information to credit bureaus, and continued to operate in violation of the Fair Credit Reporting Act, 611.5Ai. 

MCM Account numbers : XXXX, XXXX, XXXX
so she could purchase products for them.
I asked for a corporate phone number and or address and she was unable to provide me with this information.
I went ahead and provided the requested information to FedLoan, resulting in an increase in my monthly payment.
I recently received a notice from Citibank that my credit card limit was being decreased from {$11000.00} to $ XXXX 've been a member since 2015, always paid on time so I am confused.
I left to go out of town on XX/XX/XXXX that afternoon and it shows on the document that it was left on XX/XX/XXXX at XXXX.
I request that they retroactively apply my payments to my purchases balance vs. my balance transfer.
This family member has been removed from my home.
The Equifax and XXXX Credit Bureaus have failed to comply with the FCRA sectiob 605b and continued reporting the items I was disputing wiwhout proper verification.
XXXX Contact Address XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX, XXXX, CA XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX Company Sold-to - Original Amount {$59.00} Comments - XXXX XXXX XXXX L Account Number XXXX Account Type Collection Terms 1 Month Date Opened XXXX/XXXX/XXXX Account Status Closed Payment Status Late Payment Status Details Seriously past due date / assigned to attorney, collection agency, or credit grantor 's internal collection department Status Updated XXXX/XXXX/XXXX Balance {$71.00} Balance Updated - Credit Limit - Past Due Amount {$71.00} High Balance - Monthly Payment - Balloon Payment - Contact Phone ( XXXX )
LLC DES : CREDIT IDXXXX XXXX : XXXX, XXXX CO ID : XXXX PPD XXXX XX/XX/XXXX MOBILOANS LLC DES : CREDIT IDXXXX XXXX : XXXX, XXXX CO ID : XXXX PPD XXXX
In addition to this issue, TMS also sent us an inaccurate Escrow Account Disclosure Statement that says there is expected to be a shortfall and they are increasing our payment on XX/XX/XXXX to {$1500.00}.
I want into my Synovus Bank located in XXXX Georgia and was told by 4 workers that they didnt have time to open my a savings account to go along with my check account that I already have.
Since XXXX XXXX, we have been attempting to obtain certain mortgage documents for our review for the scheduled meeting.
Denied because i had to have no late payments for 12 months this is told to me in XXXX.
then I got another email saying we forgot to tell you, you owe another {$190.00} or we will send you to get sued and pay more.
Experian has not provided proof to me that the information from XXXX and XXXX is correct, never received any documentation from XXXX of XXXX  of there documentation BUT I DID PROVIDE TO EXPERIAN THAT XXXX AND XXXX IS INCORRECT!
I think you have not validated this account in accordance with Sections 609 ( a ) ( 1 ) ( A ) and 611 ( a ) ( 1 ) ( A ), and I will pursue legal action against them.
( C ) Procedures to prevent reappearance A consumer reporting agency shall maintain reasonable procedures designed to prevent the reappearance in a consumers file, and in consumer reports on the consumer, of information that is deleted pursuant to this paragraph ( other than information that is reinserted in accordance with subparagraph ( B ) ( i ) ).
OBLIGATIONS OF FURNISHERS UNDER THE FCRA The federal Fair Credit Reporting Act ( FCRA ), 15 U.S.C 1681-1681y, imposes responsibilities on all persons who furnish information to consumer reporting agencies ( CRAs ).
Below are the items that are reporting on my Credit Reports : Experian : XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX  XXXX XXXX, CA XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX  XXXX XXXX, CA XXXX XXXX :
I would like to point out that : 1 ) FDIC has confirmed that deed of trust # XXXX XXXX was not a part of XXXX XXXX, XXXX. 's asset when it closed its doors in XXXX. 

I borrowed it for 120 months term.
this is exhausting. 


The most recent complaint was filed with Consumer Financial Protection Bureau. 

The error has affected my credit score tremendously.
Lastly, I can fully assure you that there is absolutely no issues with my qualifications that would be a cause for any sort of delay on the lending side.
XX/XX/XXXX - {$2800.00} XX/XX/XXXX - {$2000.00} XX/XX/XXXX - {$1000.00} XX/XX/XXXX - {$2000.00} XX/XX/XXXX - {$1500.00} XX/XX/XXXX - {$2100.00} XX/XX/XXXX - {$100.00} Since the time my balance was at {$0.00} on my credit card statement, if you add up all of my charges and then subtract the payments I have made on my credit card, this balance transfer charge of {$2100.00} came out of now where and is fake and Wells Fargo is trying to steal money from me with a bogus charge.
I explained to the collection agency that is is not my debt.
I am so angry I will NEVER send money through XXXX ever again.
I have requested validation of this alleged account but all I get is a bill as a validation.
This is very stressful for me because I always pay on time.
The problem has not been resolved.
My phone number is compromised and therefor I was not able to activate it.
However, they are coded as if I am currently past due in present day.
The purpose of this account was to collect publishing residuals.
It is now obvious to me that if I do n't pay them their ransom money, I cant buy our new house.
XXXX XXXX Gas Rebate World MasterCard states that you will " Earn XXXX % rebate on gas purchases - capped at XXXX % of your total monthly purchases '' When I inquired as to what the result would be of only purchasing gas and nothing else I was told that I would receive a XXXX % rebate.
On XX/XX/2019, Remitly withdrew {$2900.00} USD from my XXXX XXXX account held at XXXX XXXX in XXXX XXXX, California. 


The list of accounts below has violated my federal protected consumers rights privacy and confidentiality under XXXX XXXX Account name XXXX, account number XXXX Privacy and confidentially under XXXX XXXXXXXX XXXX XXXX XXXXXXXX section XXXX .States
A Section 2 : State a consumer reporting agency can not furnish a account without my written instructions
My wife and I have never filed for or declared bankruptcy.
9.
As required by section FCRA 605B ( 15 U.S.C. 1681c-2 ) a copy of which is enclosed which states that this information must be removed within four business days of receipt, I am requesting that the adverse information on the items be removed to correct my credit report.


My name is XXXX XXXX
In accordance with the Fair Credit Reporting act XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX Account # XXXX, has violated my rights. 


Thank you for your prompt attention in this matter.
I declare under penalty of perjury I am alleging that a person or company- without my authorization- from unauthorized use of my social security number and card used my personal identifying information to apply for goods, services, or money ; and, was successful in creating some accounts.
Each time they would say that CREDIT MANAGEMENT would verify the debt.
ANYWHERE like it's just GONE.
I received a call from a guy named XXXX id # XXXX he also stated he was with the executive office and he listen to the call..
My husband, XXXX and I immediately contacted PNC for support to which they said they could not assist us in reversing the transactions and/or recovering my funds.
XXXX DID pay it back BUT did not stop them from hacking and taking funds from my XXXX and XXXX credit cards to the amount of over {$40000.00}!
Fraudulent Accounts XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXXXXX XX/XX/XXXX {$210.00} The Fair Credit Reporting Act ( FCRA ) is the federal law that governs the national credit reporting agencies ( CRAs ) : XXXX, XXXX XXXX and Experian.
My account is in good standing and I pay it off each month.
Merchant Credit Guide continues to harrass my family by phone. 

XXXX XXXX eventually came back as well and all 3 are on it ... ..
She asked that I give her til Tuesday the XXXX before contacting CFPB.
Apartment XXXX is not my apartment number.
When I lost my job and I was late I called Seterus and I was told they are here to help so I tried to get a modification, but I was they declined, so they worked out a payment plan with me and I would not be charged any fees. 

Ive had several issues with Carter Young agency.
The bank, however, decided to let the merchant keep the money and the goods, as well. 


I spoke with XXXX on XX/XX/XXXX at XXXX verified he is in the headquarters location in XXXX , AZ .
I believe they are holding money that is rightfully mine.
I proceeded to pay the payoff amount and assumed that my card was fully paid off because the representative had told me that was all I needed to do.
XXXX copy overdraft protection attached ) On XX/XX/XXXX, I spoke with P at XXXX regarding a {$1600.00} deposit into our acct ending in XXXX.
Although I was reluctant to adopt this solution, I agreed and Mr. XXXX changed the Wire Transfer information accordingly to substitute, instead of a wire transfer to my XXXX bank account, a cash pick-up transfer under the name of Mr. XXXX XXXX XXXX, who is a good friend of mine who resides in XXXX XXXX, XXXX XXXX.
I.Q. DATA INTERNATIONAL, INC is reporting a false outstanding debt on my credit report.
XXXX reported it as a charge off this is unfair business practices as their dealer stated no charges were due at lease termination.
It has been 52 days ( Today is XX/XX/XXXX ) and they have not sent me anything at all.
My interest rate should be 2.84 % not 3.09 %.
I do not feel this is fair.
U.S. Bank 's Reliacard was chosen by the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania to handle the disbursement of unemployment  compensation.
The company is telling me I have to fill out another application to be re-instated - when it was all ok on the XXXX without having to do so because my info hasn't changed.
Expiration XX/XX/XXXX Stage 2 : XXXX XXXX XXXX Stage 3 :
I opened an asterisk-free checking online and electronically deposited funds into the account.
( l ) is involved in a transaction.
Also there are several inquiries on my name.
I have made {$29000.00} in payments of which {$19000.00} has gone to interest with {$9900.00} going to the principal.
15 U.S.C 1681 Section 602 A section 2 : also states a consumer reporting agency connot furnish an account without my written instruction.


Everyone denies but no one can explain how adverse information got reported.
I have two credit inquiries on my credit report that I did not do from Credit plus on the XXXX and XXXX of XX/XX/2022.
When the mobile deposit was made on XXXX XXXX, the money sent, {$530.00} and change paid off the entire balance due!
Pursuant to the Fair Credit Reporting Act, I expect you to complete the verification within 30 days. 

Subsequently, when I went online to pay my mortgage payment as I had always done with Pacific Union, the amount of my monthly payment jumped from the established principal and interest payment of {$1300.00} to {$2300.00}.
The letter sent to my employer states I agreed to the garnishment which is untrue.
If I am not mistaken, the payments that have been made and posted total {$1000.00}.
availed of CAPITAL ONE 'S $ XXXX balance xfer offer for 0 % for 15 months with 2 % xtion fees in XX/XX/XXXX.
FL has a 5yr.
I was told I would receive XXXX points for signing up as long as I had note received a new card member bonus within the past 24 months as per the XXXX XXXX credit card website.
For instance, I received no call or voicemail once my payment was past due, at a minimum I expect the bank to exercise certain actions such as a phone call when a payment has been missed.
Someone has applied for a XXXX XXXX business account with my XXXX information.
They have posted this pre-foreclosure for investors as I am receiving texts and mail about individuals requesting to purchase my home.
When I questioned him about, he acted as if it was no big deal, just a formality to have the money reissued ( see email XXXX ), but then when he saw that he would most likely not be able to get the funds reinstated, he simply passed the buck to me, stating that I would need to follow up with them ( see email IncreasedClosingCosts ).
I am having problems working with my mortgage company, Rushmore.
ALL of the bills were paid using my Medical FSA in the year the accident occurred.
This account does not belong to me I have disputed this account ELAN FINANCIAL with the credit report company I have inform them that this is a fraud account.
I did everything right, as instructed.
A Section 2 : It also states a consumer reporting agency can not furnish a account without my written instructions 15 U.S.C 1681c.
Of course it 's possible to add money to Wallet.
I explained to the agent my disputed charge is fraud, I don't have any trip under my XXXX account on these days and I got all the rest XXXX trips refunded.
I have tried to remove old addresses, old name variations, and other information from my credit profile but the bureau doesnt remove the data.
They responded that the account was now " in dispute '', and I was not required to make payments until dispute was resolved.
I NEED THE PROOF.
Even with the most careful and exacting input, the process leads to a dead-end page requiring written correspondence with Experian over and a very extended date of answer/resolution.
The items I need deleted are listed in the report.
In the event I am unable to to reinstate the account upon gained employment, I would like to attempt a loan modification to help with the past due balance. 


I successfully completed my 5 years of chapter XXXX payments in XXXX of XXXX and all of a sudden today I received 6 emails from a company called Navient saying I owe $ XXXX to someone.
Along with having the bankruptcy.
After I cancelled service with them, I returned the item to a XXXX store as instructed, but they still charged me for it.
( I was never told why some loans were eligible and some loans were n't. )
3.
This is a USA tragedy that you are allowing this to happen. 

PayPal charged XXXX cents. 

Under federal law, you have 30 days to complete my investigation.
I paid the man {$450.00} to create a scope of work to present to the bank regarding necessary repairs, and XXXX denied both requests ( the first via email, the second in a phone conversation ), stating that they included items that were not covered within the scope of my loan program ( see email ).
The complaint was taken in, the items disputed were itemized, and I received a new credit card account number.
I also want to make sure anyone else who may be harmed by this Debt Buyer is aware of the questionable practices deployed when attempting to collect debts that XXXX and her firm may be using. 


This is now my 3rd time submitting a complaint.
I do not agree wit their action and challenge their accuracy and integrity.
:
I've never heard of them.
I HAVE ABSOLUTELY
This is crazy!
15 U.S.C 1681 Section 604
We sent the funds but started questioning information given by the seller.
I understand that, the credit reporting agencies, have been granted a " relax enforcement standard '' from the CFPB to allow them to either delay, or not respond to my dispute request.
Asked to cancel the payment and was denied.
It is the result of identity theft, please remove XXXX XXXX ( Original Creditor :
I had not heard from them but found that they reported non payment of this account to the   XXXX   credit agencies ( e.g.  XXXX  ), thereby affecting my credit rating.
The amount was made in error and XXXX has voided the transaction on the same day immediately after it was made.
I spoke with a gate agent once the first part of our flight landed and was issued a refund for the fir st 2  upgraded seats that I purchased.
Then I had to call them back the next day to file a claim so that they could investigate.
In the former address of my credit report it shows XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXXXXXX XXXX, Ohio XXXX.
They refuse to either reactivate or to cancel the card, claiming that it is still good.
On XX/XX/XXXX, my home at XXXX VA.was officially closed ( Acct # XXXX old loan number, Va loan, XXXX XXXX , .-XXXX new loan number, FHA, Freedom Mortgage.
They never contacted the courts in regards to this issue and the court has stated they do not provide information to the credit bureaus as such.
I am including the following documentation : a copy of the XXXX XXXX 's dispute, a copy of their eventual credit dated XXXX, my XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX claim, the XXXX XXXX 's withdraw, the XXXX XXXX 's rebill that shows a posted date of XXXX ( this is well before my withdrawal dated XXXX, so I am unclear why they used this date ), and a screen print of the alert I sent to billing dispute. 


I also asked validation questions as well.
I have an escrow account with more than enough money to cover the payment.
The worker 's compensation insurance denied the claim because the provider did not supply the required information to the insurance, and had a date of service of XX/XX/XXXX.
( See Dispute letter attached dated XX/XX/XXXX )
By the way I hope that this does not hinder my ability to obtain employment due to this inaccurate information showing.
I noticed that 6 % per year should only be $ XXXX/year on a balance of {$950.00}.
XX/XX/2020 I noticed accounts on my credit report that didnt belong to me.
However, the lender has still not provided responses to the questions as of the time I filed this complaint.
3 more years of interest!!
i have almost no debt and my identity was stolen causing my score to drop
XXXX Balance : {$270.00} ; XXXX XXXXXXXX Balance : {$80.00} ; XXXX XXXX Original Creditor : XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX )
The pictures that I was sent shows the car in a completely different location than the one that it was left in.
They are supposed to be protecting consumers.
I never was mailed a credit card.
Agent discovered an overage of {$170.00} ( credit ), this apparently was late fees which XXXX never applied to my last payment for what ever reason.
That extra XXXX would sure help now ...
XXXX XXXX letter dated XX/XX/2020 for {$61.00}
Please remove this account for not complying with FCRA reporting. 


The last allegedly valid record beneficiary was XXXX XXXX, and the note had been transferred away from the deed of trust by XXXX XXXX, or 7th.
I didn't think much of it and just went to get a new social security and DL.
I was initially told by the customer service rep that Fedloan had not sent me a bill for the XXXX XXXX payment and that 's why it did n't count as a qualifying payment ( this is incorrect-
AES can not produce a copy of the cancelled check with my signature, XXXX has no record of a deposit of that size, and as they not do this kind of loan, they have no XXXX records of the check, either.
-- -
The under Writter Mislead me Saying that they cant answer my Question but
Bank of America Recovery Services Debited my personal checking account for {$3000.00} on XXXX XXXX.
The response is " unable to honor your request '' and to send in documentation by mail.
XXXX XXXX  's XX/XX/XXXX response to this complaint was : " DESCRIPTION OF NON-MONETARY RELIEF We sent an update to the credit bureaus to reflect the account status as Paid in Full effective XXXX " This has not occurred, according to a credit report ( via XXXX )
8.
1. CAVALRY PORTFOLIO SERVICE - {$1500.00} 2.
I DO NOT OWE XXXX OR XXXX OR XXXX XXXX ANY MONEY!
II ( XXXX.
This means anything after XX/XX/XXXX would have had to be late to begin with.
Equifax and XXXX on the other hand did not remove the accounts and they also wont tell me their method of verification.
When my husband told them that we were working with XXXX XXXX, they had no idea what he was talking about.
I do not know these companies and I have reached out to them regarding these accounts to verify/validate the accuracy and send proper documentation.
To Whom it may concern, RE : XXXX DCU Pursuant to 15 U.S. Code 1681a ( 2 ) ( B ) " the term consumer report does not include '' any authorization or approval of a specific extension of credit directly or indirectly by the issuer of a credit card or similar device ; '' by furnishing the below account on my consumer report you are in violation of the law.
I did not authorize anyone employed by these companies to make any inquiry or view my credit report.
By law, I have the right to have a formal investigation performed as outlined in the Fair Credit Reporting Act.
Ive been notified Wells Fargo ( whom my loan was with ), were charging extra in interest rates during this time.
I informed them that I put the information the previous bank rep informed me to write.
transaction history and everything you have.
( Date XX/XX/XXXX ) 2.
CITIMORTGAGE IS STEALING MY HOME
XXXX XX/XX/XXXX, I made a payment to Bank of America credit card through my electronic banking.
And My Daughter went To Chase Bank To Complain About these 2 ILLEGAL LOANS I DIDNT SIGN MY NAME ON THE QUITCLAIM DEED
My mortgage was with Greentree Servicing and recently changed to Ditech Financial LLC I received a letter from the foreclosure attorney XXXX XXXX XXXX stating they were going to foreclose on my property XX/XX/XXXX the letter is dated XX/XX/XXXX and the sale is set for less than thirty days.
Due to financial hardship less than a year after buying I applied and was approved for HAMP in XXXX.
I have invested a lot in my home.
He called back to tell my husband the same thing about the funding fee and ignored the other requests.
Three weeks after my complaint I received a letter from my local branch manager to talk about how we can fix the issue.
I previously told them not to call me again when they called from an 800 number and I've sent them a verification letter which also stated for them not to contact me.
Tuesday, XXXX XXXX, I called 5/3 to open a dispute for unauthorized purchases on my checking account.
Also, the fraud case I opened with US Bank will require my ID, Paperwork and will take 90 days!
We ended paying the {$610.00}, but I was confused on all the different balances they provided.
My information was also impacted by the XXXX Data breach and may have got into the hands of the wrong person.
( 3 ) Paid tax liens which, from date of payment, antedate the report by more than seven years.


Purchases at a gas station, for fuel, does not make any sense. 


But there was not much she could do.
I sent an FTC Identity Theft Report Dispute to Equifax, XXXX XXXX XXXX requesting them to PHYSICALLY VERIFY & provide the " METHODS OF VERIFICATION '' for the disputed accounts via certified mail ( copy of letter & FTC ID Theft Report attached )
I had just started my job with a government public service agency and wanted to make sure my loan payments would start counting toward that program.
# 5.
At this time, Chase is not abiding by their Zero Liability Benefit and is requiring that I pay money I did not authorize to be spent.
Please provide me with the following information as soon as possible so I can share it with her. 


As a victim of domestic violence, which began with Identity fraud, i learned over time the correct protocol with my situation.
XXXX XXXX XXXX Ref # XXXX and 2.
Neither party can locate my " account ''.
I only had two days before my insurance lapsed and waiting for the change was out of the question.
I would like funds placed back into my account.
Their representatives were rude and condescending when I tried to get information about the debt they were trig to collect.
The documentation doesn't show proof of services rendered further more XXXX XXXX did not provide additional evidence where the same platform was used to request the funds of {$1500.00} back stating the deposit was erroneous ( that they cancelled unfairly because I filed the dispute ), nor did it advise the bank that I had attempted to report the transaction as fraudulent via the support portal within the XXXX XXXX application on several occasions that they failed to investigate on my behalf.


transunion, XXXX and XXXX showing inaccurate information
I have sent them my divorce decree multiple times but nothing prevails.
When checking out the store clerk told me about their credit program to get it financed.
He also told old me that I should have called them to Unstop the stopped payment.
well there was some unauthorized transaction for a XXXX dollars on my account, I called CITIBANK to stop payment on that check.
You failed to verify & validate all data for the following accounts, please remove IMMEDIATELY : Account Name : XXXX XXXX XXXX Account Number : XXXX ; Account Name : XXXX XXXX Account Number : XXXX ; and Account Name : XXXX XXXX, Account Number : XXXX Reason : pls verify and validate all data for this account, every notation, dates, and balances, whether reported or not and I would like to be provided proof the method for which you are verifying as well as the exact details that match because without exact matches this account must be removed immediately as per FCRA.
Failure to respond satisfactorily within 30 days of receipt of this certified letter may result in a small claims action against your company, seeking {$5000.00} per violation for : 1. )
A person shall not furnish any information relating to a consumer to any consumer reporting agency if the person knows or has reasonable cause to believe that the information is inaccurate.
And that two days later, the account would be left open, and the dispute dropped, money free.
Contacted them for the 5th time today, same deal.
Once I heard this I was furious.
Now I stuck with XXXX trying g to give me a reasonable forbearance plan.
( While the representative did agree to cancel my " subscription '' for any future months and to send me a confirming e-mail, I have not yet received any confirming e-mail from Trans-Union and am concerned they will seek to impose this charge in future months. )
I have tried to work with XXXX, Credito Real Finance USA FKA AFS Acceptance LLC and XXXX for over a year to try to fix errors on my reports with nearly no success.
As I was not notified that Porfolio assumed this alleged debt and only became aware of this claim through a review of my CR I requested the information that is to be furnished to me under Michigan Law ... specifically the number of payments and statements from the Original Creditor.
This happens year after year.
My thought was, " What gift card? ''
and this company did n't provide the proper information for us to take care of it the right way.
15 U.S.C 1681 section 602 A. States I have the right to privacy.


I responded to the claim, with the copy of the equipment return, showing a {$0.00} balance from that account on XXXX.
I 've also called the number in the email and was not able to communicate with the representatives who answered the phone.
Status updated : XXXX XXXX Balance : {$1400.00} Balance updated : XX/XX/XXXX
As i continued from XXXX XXXX using my checking account my balance as of XXXX XXXX, 2016 was XXXX.
1.
I have years of history of discrimination by the student loan servicers and US Dept Ed as a XXXX female, and this is my final attempt at resolution to preserve my health conditions from worsening before I officially secure a Federal Civil Rights Attorney.
( b ) Application of payments ( 1 ) In general Upon receipt of a payment from a cardholder, the card issuer shall apply amounts in excess of the minimum payment amount first to the card balance bearing the highest rate of interest, and then to each successive balance bearing the next highest rate of interest, until the payment is exhausted.


He said I could not have a copy of what I had designated.
I signed up for Citibank 's Citigold account via a promotional code ( XXXX ) in XXXX 2015.
They corrected the  first  time with a payment by B of A of {$14000.00} on  XX/XX/XXXX .
Account Name : XXXX Account # : XXXX Balance Owed : {$18000.00} Dates of late : XXXX, XXXX, XXXX, XX/XX/XXXX
In speaking with the representative, I asked what I had to pay to make my account current.
I tried to make a payment on my special financing purchases and they denied my payment.
I never received the check for {$700.00}.
I still can not find a rebill for {$10.00}. 


I feel I have been ripped off.
XXXX XXXX XXXXXXXX
These people are unfairly taking advantage of me.
I intend to pursue litigation in accordance with the FCRA to seek relief and recover all monetary damages that I may be entitled to under Section 616 and Section 617 if the INACCURATE, Unverifiable and Invalidated items listed below are not deleted immediately.
There were promises made of easy money.
In furtherance of the above, XXXX XXXX is making it seem as if I am the only person on the loan, as only my information is showing up on the bill for payment.  
I was never sent this letter nor the {$25.00} from Fedloan and I have dealt with many mistakes and servicing errors from Fedloan.
A couple weeks later when I called to follow-up.
They need to be reigned in.
Another section assessed the value of my home and stated that it had a high risk address description dated 5 years ago.
I just received a phone call from  Wells Farg o. This is in violation of Bankruptcy law.   
They did not provide a dispute number or claim number.
THIS FTC REPORT W ERROR.
I have very low credit utilization.
XX/XX/XXXX, I requested that Nelnet take my loans out of in-school deferment and put them into repayment status.
-- AUTO ACCOUNTS 7.
Money Network Representative XXXX informed me that the remaining balance on my Money Network account would be sent to my address in the form of one ( 1 ) check.
( Reference City of XXXX Report Number XXXX by Officer XXXX  Badge Number XXXX XXXX.
I'd appreciate a prompt and fair investigation and resolution to the matter.
I had excellent credit XXXX now to XXXX.
ACCOUNT BLOCKED
I have contacted the credit reporting agencies numerous times over the past year to have them dispute these credit inquiries from my credit report.
In this effort, It is my hope that assistance is received and justice is fully served under the Federal Consumer Financial Law. 


AV : XXXX XXXX /Opened
Never Late Opened - XX/XX/XXXX Balance - {$0.00} Account # XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX Credit Card ( revolving credit )
They returned my call at a terrible time to go over my application.
XXXX COLLECTION BALANCE XXXX XXXX ACCT # XXXX, SHOWING OPEN ACCOUNT, OPEN DATE ( XX/XX/XXXX )
I sent the company an affidavit stating these violations on XX/XX/2021 and it was received by them on XX/XX/2021.
I received a letter after 3-4 days indicating that I would not receive a refund.
Seeing as it was now after the holidays I figured I'd be fine with this.
This XX/XX/XXXX my son traded the car in on a new one.
This is an ongoing and continuous refusal of Experian to provide requested information and add personal statement. 


I should have an equal number of qualifying payments on the subsidized and the non-subsidized loans, just over 100 qualifying payments on each.
I also contacted my local court to see if they could provide clarity and they said they had not sent any information to the credit bureaus.
This is bull. 


Which has caused a hardship with me paying my other monthly bills.
In fact, since I took out the loan for medical reasons, everyday past the day my loan is due, I receive phone calls everyday until I make my payment.
They proceeded to tell me the same song and dance, and I told them it is XX/XX/XXXX the fictitious debt you trying to collect is too old.
In accordance with the Fair Credit Reporting Act XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX.
Failure to provide the address to which written disputes regarding underlying validity of the debt must be transmitted.
That certainly was me as I never send wires of any amount on the internet and certainly not to XXXX.
I was told this was because I only have a couple loans out and said I needed another credit card.
XXXX XXXX, Account Number : XXXX 4.
Enclose I am attaching all letters sent to XXXX and the letter and billing statements they sent me.
Furthermore, American Express claims that the reason I was denied credit it's because I have too many new bank card cards, pursuant to federal law based on the response I received from American Express, that is not a reason for me to be denied credit.
what my card was charged is stated in facts and like i stated they tried to send the funds but ur bank canceled them which has cause to many issues.
Which had happened another time before in another account and they just took money from another account of mine with a higher balance to pay the one that was in the negative.
I contacted the VA via phone and was told that VU were not following VA policies, that they were behaving poorly, and for us not to sign the ITP or pay for the appraisal, but instead to have our new lending agent forward the email from VU stating that they wouldn't release the appraisal without the ITP/payment.
You can not collect a debt twice.
These are unquestionably billing concerns, and I demand to see specific bank account documentation showing that I failed to pay and was subsequently labelled past due.
For my health and safety, I had to switch jobs where I did not travel across several states each month.
I must endure renewing my lease, that expires in XX/XX/XXXX, for another year, at a {$300.00} per month increase each month ( 25 % increase during our current Pandemic ).
Any help dealing with them and getting the interest changed to principle would be appreciated.
XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXXXXXX XXXX XXXX illegally pulled the credit more than once for me ( XXXX XXXX XXXX, and daughter ( XXXX ) with institutions we never instructed the sales person.
The representative checked the system and confirmed that my request for deferral was approved through XX/XX/XXXX for the credit card, and the loan deferral was also approved, but in the system, it wasn't clear to her for how long the loan deferral was extended.
[ 2 ]
[, I was never late, ] Also, if you have documents to prove your claim, mention here that you are attaching them. 

Ive asked for a written agreement on several occasions and have only received a list of charges totaling to {$2600.00}.
The Assignment of Mortgage is dated and effective as of XXXX XXXX, XXXX.
Date XX/XX/2020 amount XXXX $ converted to XXXX XXXX  
I stated to the representative I wanted proof ( today XX/XX/XXXX ) sent to me that I authorized such a withdraw.
I have no knowledge of any collection being filed. 

I had a mortgage secured by a first lien on a home I owned in XXXX, Virginia.
You have the duty to report accurate information about consumers.
Why are the agencies allowed to change an address to a P O Box without the consumers request?
My sender calls and they tell her the transaction is inactive and i can now collect.
The only solution BOA provided is to suggest me to call a lawyer to sue that person who received the money.
The original Application or contract ; 2.
In XX/XX/2021, I switched my cellular XXXX to XXXX.
That is not fair.
I was directing by Experian website to call XXXX to dispute information.
15 U.S.C 1681 Section 804 A Section 2 : It also states a consumer reporting agency can not fumish a eccount without my written instructions 15 U.S.C 1681c.
That they didn't see anything reversing.
This time LexisNexis sent me an email asking to click on a link in order to verify my email address ... .however
I tried to contact you several times and ask for proof of ownership but you failed to send me the necessary documentation to prove that I really own this account.
I received a call from a student loan company stating about a debt I owed.
XXXX is an abusive company.
When I asked him to simply cancel the second unauthorized payment he told me that PNC bank does not cancel payments ... ..
I find this unfair, degrading and ilegal that they contacy mr knowing the charges are fraud and then acuse me of making them becaus i dont get worked up. 

They sure took the check into the account when they knew they were closing it, but now is sure gon na give me a hard time taking it out, and transferring it DIRECTLY into my Aspiration account.
A day later another bill for {$27.00} due for XX/XX/XXXX, and I was a shocked at this because from the disclosure I read before applying to their line of credit was never a mention about this.
I hung up in frustrated disgust. 


The car was shipped to another state after repo and capital one could not find our car, once they found they agreed to ship back to XXXX
if a social security card was used in the transaction. 

XX/XX/2021 an Collections account from XXXX XXXX company for XXXX that does NOT belong to me has reported on Transunion and XXXX.
On XX/XX/2022, I sent a letter to the courthouse asking do they report bankruptcies to the credit bureaus and I got a letter stating They do not report any bankruptcies to anybody.
We have run a family construction business for 29 years and our credit rating is imperative to continue getting lines of credit jeopardizing the jobs of XXXX workers.
This bad debt has been sold 3 times since from the original creditor ( XXXX ).
The {$900000.00} rejected transfer was properly credited back to my XXXX XXXX XXXXXXXX account on XX/XX/21.
This is over one year ago. 


We were not given all the information on that.
I changed it in XXXX, talked to supervisors in XXXX, XXXX, and XXXX about it not being changed.
Meanwhile, I had some medical expenses and fell deeper in financial hardship. 

Reminder : You are currently reviewing your XXXX  Credit Report.
I had a 72 month loan.
It is my legal right under FCRA 15u.s.
I also have a written letter from them ( the only written correspondence we have from them ) with the incorrect appraisal amount listed as the reason for denial.
I 've tried to working with several levels authority within XXXX XXXX XXXX and they refused to update my credit report.
It has now been over 60 days and this account still lingers on my credit report. 


This is not true, and this is not the first time this particular company has given us problems.   
Subject to Subsection <t,, if the completeness or accuracy of any item of information contained in a consumer 's file at a consumer agency is disputed by the consumer and the consumer notifies the agency directly, or indirectly through a reseller, of such dispute, free of charge, conduct a reasonable reinvestigation to determine whether the disputed information is inaccurate and record the current status of the disputed information, or delete the item from the file in accordance with paragraph ( 5 ), before the end of the 30day period beginning on the date on which the agency receives the notice of the dispute from the consumer or reseller. 


XXXX : $ XXXX :
XXXX breach has cost me and consumer billion of  dollars XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX View All Accounts Previous Next Details Account # XXXX Original Creditor - Company Sold - Account Type Credit Card - Revolving Terms Date Opened XX/XX/XXXX Account Status Open cra violation not mine no knowledge of acccounts Payment Status Current Status Updated XX/XX/XXXX Usage 111 % Balance {$7200.00} Balance Updated XX/XX/XXXX Credit Limit {$6500.00} Monthly Payment {$210.00}
I submitted a quick claim deed and a divorce decree stating my husband name is to be removed for the loan.
I have recently re-established my credit back into excellent standing, so I check my credit report very often to make sure that all information is accurate and true.
Premier student loan scammed me by lying about the student debt relief they offered.
I am writing to dispute the negative credit reported to the Credit Bureau on my account.
On XX/XX/XXXX I finally received an email back from Homeside Financial apologizing for the response time taking so long.
We feel that this was an error on their part.
Once I 'd made all 5, I 'd be caught up on my payments. 


Two 1099-C Cancellation of Debt forms were issued to the co-borrowers for the alleged remaining amount of the debt.
I believe it is fraudulent of acs/and XXXX to try and collect money from the federal government when I paid off the full balance ACS reported my loan as Negative/closed.
I ordered a free credit report and found that I was in collections for {$290.00} for a check that bounced to XXXX XXXX XXXX  drawn on a bank that I have never had an account with.
Few months ago I received a call from XXXX  XXXX about a transaction taking place at XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX  and XXXX, I did not approve the charges once I was at work.
After stating she could only provide XXXX XXXX hour massages back to back starting at XXXX and again at XXXX, I told her that we would only need XXXX appointment then.
These accounts should not be furnished on my consumer report as they are in VIOLATION!!!
The disconnect is with the processes of your company and the express terms set forth in Mr. Cooper 's payoff letter.


THESE ACCOUNTS ARE STILL REPORTING INACCURATELY ON MY CREDIT REPORT WHICH IS A FCRA VIOLATION.
Due to the global Covid-19 pandemic I entered into a payment assistance program for my mortgage with Bank of America ( BOA ) where my payments were supposed to be deferred, no late fees no reporting to the credit bureaus for three months XXXX, XXXX and XX/XX/2020.
The last page of the invoices showed a balance that was NOT the same as amount claimed by plaintiff. 


This discount has not been applied to my balance. 

So I called the number on the statement and the person on the phone told me not only could I not make a payment
I, the NATURAL PERSON, Creditor, and Applicant, am aware of the letter that was sent to me which is an adverse action pursuant to 15 USC 1691 ( c )
Address on file for alleged debtor. 

I tried calling back to find out what it was about.
None of which was done.
I have no idea who XXXX is and have told them numerous times.
See, Staff of the House Subcommittee on Domestic Monetary Policy, House Committee on Banking, Finance and Urban Affairs, The Use of Certain Provisions of the Federal Reserve Act, As Amended by Section 105 ( b ) ( 2 ) of the Monetary Control Act of XXXX, Comm.
I a m formally requesting a copy of the appraisal report ( including comps used ) sent to us since we paid for it.
What recourse do I have to force them to acknowledge payment and reflect that in both my payment history and my fee schedule, or simply get my {$1000.00} back?
A Section 2 : It also states a consumer reporting agency can not furnish a account without my written instructions.


Again, I was going through my records & noticed many information, accounts or items which do not belong to me.
In XX/XX/XXXX, my credit score was XXXX when I was looking at auto finance options. 

Thank you in advance.
Lender : Credit Acceptance Reasons For Complaint : Deceitful Practices, Improper Payment Practices, Impractical Payoff Process, Failure to provide Refund per contract, Failure to Return Over payment per contract, Misleading Costumer Service. 


Rescission of Contract.


Account number : XXXX XXXX, XXXX XXXX, closed ( 2017 ) ( 5 ) years ago. 

i am asking for the CFPB to intervene and oversee this company complying with the FDCPA guidelines in reporting.
I had a application filled out with the XXXXXXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXXXXXX license that was taken during the time my things had disappeared.
As such, it should be blocked from appearing on my credit report pursuant to section 605B of the Fair Credit Reporting Act.
A few months later I received a copy of my credit reports at which time I contacted the dealership as well as all companies that I had inquires from via phone, mail, as well as speaking with the Finance manager at XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX in person who would constantly advise me to call the other companies.
XXXX are negative.
SO please comply with the law so this matter can be handled swiftly.
XXXX  XXXX Mastercard ending in XXXX XXXX XXXX communicated to all 3 credit bureaus including Experian to report these accounts onto my credit profile history. 


Something is wrong with XXXX.
It seems Barclays, reported my payment 30 days late twice.
Trans Union claims they have verified the information in my filed but had they truly done so they would have seen a Motion to Voluntarily Dismiss the proceeding.
Information is not showing accurately. 


I also resent the {$3.00} purchase fee XXXX charges, it should ease the use of purchasing not complicate it.
According to : 15 U.S.C 1681 section 602 A. States I have the right to privacy. 


Therefore the reporting of said late payments is not only against the law, but you're voluntarily doing so Whether knowingly or unknowingly, you're voilating my rights as a consumer and you are hereby being given notice to correct your wrong doings.
the loan was opened XX/XX/XXXX.
Documentation has been sent certified mail but returned.
Once I was 3 months late I sent all my documentation via XXXX XXXX ( with the XXXX XXXX modification they continued to lose all my documentation that I faxed, )
XXXX XXXX Account # XXXX.
Also on XX/XX/XXXX, the customer rep could not tell me if they in fact requested the refund, just that they were working on it and I have to wait for their phone call.
The trial version of loan Mod was successfully completed by XX/XX/XXXX and SunTrust sent a full and permanent loan modification agreement with XXXX mistakes.
They hung up on me several times when I just wanted to request a change of venue.
XXXX, XXXX ; XXXX  XXXX Inquiry : XXXX.
Proof that the agency ( DIVERSIFIED CONSULTANTS ) either owns or has been assigned the debt from the original creditor. 

In an effort get get help with this process I had also reached out to North west counseling services XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX, XXXX, PA XXXX XXXX ( a company that does housing counseling services )
There is no category for the multitude of startups and entrepreneurs, like ourselves, whose fundraising opportunities were severely impacted by the pandemic.
I alerted the teller that the check should go through freework or collections.
HSBC XXXX XXXX, XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX, CA.
I borrowed {$600.00} from Castle pay day and they specifaclly told me that my pay off balance will be {$750.00} ithis compamy have collected more that twice the amount i borrowed from withdrawing from my account only for them to tell me i still owe {$750.00} and some more finance charges.
Section 623 ( a ) ( 3 ). 


For over twelve years after the account was closed I was paying on the account including over draft fees and late fees.
I have no knowledge of this and All is being investigated by the FTC and Under 15 U.S. Code 1681b Permissible purposes of consumer reports i never gave any written consent to report anything on my consumer reports no consent is fraud.
I have called 4 times since then, spending at least an hour each call to get a resolution but have still received nothing.
As for XXXX, they had bought different products that were scheduled to ship out.
I asked for them to correct this issue and to close my account.
XXXX XXXX XXXX Date Opened : XX/XX/1995 Balance : {$21000.00} According to FCRA Section 605B ( a ) the CREDIT REPORTING AGENCIES shall block any information in the file of a consumer that the consumer identifies as information that resulted from an alleged identity theft, not later than 4 business days after the date of receipt.
and she threatened to take further action as in sue me or take me to court after trying to fix the debt.
Second, once the checking account is added, you are given a few options to pay your loan i.e. via checking account, credit card, etc.
Again these inquires were unauthorized and I request to have them deleted.
Your above-mentioned practices are in violation of the Act and the NC Predatory Lending law.


At the time of court visit I was unaware of the 5 year statute of limitations.
I do not want to lose my home.
XXXX XXXX claims they are reporting correctly yet XXXX, TransUnion, and XXXX show otherwise.
I contacted Wells Fargo and asked to speak with someone in their legal division in order to obtain copies of the final Settlement Agreement in which they have instructed me of the amount to be paid to reinstate the loan.
The response directed me to call for assistance. 


My payment is set-up on auto-pay for the XXXX of each month.
Since that time they call my home multiple times per day, almost everyday.
They sent me something to help me receive a signal in my apartment because the service was so awful.
Please change the coding to I1.
They are requesting {$500.00} from me for online gambling for a XXXX XXXX  account that I dont have.
XXXX Account # : XXXX Open Date : XX/XX/XXXX Close Date : XX/XX/XXXX Current Account Status : Closed For Cause Previous Account Status :
Thank you
The following personal information is incorrect Account Number : PREVIOUS ADDRESS : XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX, AZ XXXX
She explained that since we filed for Bankruptcy they wrote off all our accounts and could not do anything about this. 

He said it was XXXX not OCWEN Why is their activity on the alleged non existent account XXXX showing a escrow balance and other monetary transactions.
never got account open
I again ( for the 4th time ) inform them that I already have an accepted appointment for XX/XX/XXXX and would again like to speak to another supervisor.
As you can see, I have always had a stellar payment record with this company.
XXXX reported that I missed 30 payments due to a bug, glitch, error or a rogue employee ruining customers life for the XXXX of it.
We completed these documents and returned them on XX/XX/2022.
MY PHONE NUMBER IS XXXX XXXX XXXX

MY EMAIL ADDRESS IS XXXX



XXXX XXXX XXXX OPENED : XX/XX/XXXX XXXX.
On XX/XX/2019, I noticed that NFCU had once again debited that same amount of {$840.00}, that as given to me as a provisional credit from my account.
Target does not confirm communications are sent/received to/by their customers.
I feel like I am being ignored and taken advantage of regarding my disputes.
In the meantime the bank as determined they will transfer service of my loan on XXXX XXXX, 2016.
Later, my husband received a call from Ameris Bank to discuss our loan.
If you find the inquiry referenced above to be valid, please send me a description of the procedures used in your investigation within 15 business days of the completion of the investigation. 


I have never been told in XXXX  years that some one could not understand me.
On the evening of XX/XX/XXXX, around XXXX XXXX PST, I was served a summons by XXXX XXXX XXXX, XXXX, A Law Firm Engaged in Debt Collection informing me that I am being sued in a case titled, AMERICAN EXPRESS NATIONAL BANK XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX, and XXXX XXXXXXXX, inclusive. 


( f ) Access to blocked information by law enforcement agencies.
5.
We also demanded signed contracts, agreements or any legal paperwork that would tie us to the following accounts.
I was like " how is it possible that the new debt is exactly the same amount as the debt that was erased?
Additionally, the mortgage company states that they have paid taxes for XXXX for this property in the amount of {$1400.00}.
I went back and forth with the dispute with XXXX XXXX stating I was not going to pay for something that they didn't fix.
WHY HAS THIS BEEN ALOWED TO HAPPEN for so long AND WHY / HOW CAN THEY CONTINUE TO GET AWAY WITH IT!! 

2.
XXXX Balance : {$150.00}
I logged on to the Experian website to view my credit report.
I had attached the letter that states Wells Fargo denied me to get help.
Even though the amount was XXXX, with all the Over Draft fees we now have a negative of over XXXX.
If you comply with my requests above within 14 days, then you are excused from verification.
I have attached an Identity Theft Report XXXX with this complaint.
3.XXXX credit.
He had two offices.
XXXX has followed through.
The bank as every year announced opening bonus of {$400.00} for new account opened in according to yearly campaign for new accounts.
Following the telephone oral approval, our next step, according to XXXX XXXX, was the submittal of our approved application to the SBA so that the funds could be reserved on our behalf this would be followed up within 3 to 5 days with details for the PPP loan closing.
On XX/XX/2022, Money Network deducted {$31.00} from the {$150.00} dollar refund, as if I were paying towards the negative {$31.00} balance.
The winner here are corporate giants XXXX and XXXX XXXX
I then maintained that balance until XX/XX/XXXX when I withdrew {$10000.00}.
I said I have a XXXX XXXX report of every address since XX/XX/1985 I had & I was willing to read it to them ... but they basically said we can't verify it's you.
ive been contacting them since then & theyve blocked my number from calling & not responding to emails.
They are also refusing to send me a complete break down of my Mortgage, I made a payment of {$1500.00} that they received and cashed on XX-XX-2017 to bring my HARP loan current.
I seek out my bank they say it would take them minutes to find that payment.
Now I 'm stuck with this huge federal loan, while all of the XXXX closed down due to a lawsuit.
I contacted the original creditor in the situation and they said that none of my personal information I provided them matches what that had on file.
I am upset and in a difficult situation with no help in sight.
XXXX XXXX sc XXXX XXXX.
The house is currently.
Your company is well aware that I'm being represented by counsel ; otherwise, I wouldn't have gotten this letter in the first place, and your company should be sending this letter to our attorney. ''
This account from XXXX is closed and I no longer them owe them.
US  Bank informed me that they would charge me $  XXXX  {$5.00} as a service fee if I wanted to pay by phone.
He refinanced the loan as we had went our separate ways.
I began to call XXXX XXXX XXXX to question what happened and why was the buyers order different and also requested a copy of my application and original contract.
I do not owe any of these depts.
I have filed a report with the Federal Trade Commission, which I have enclosed within this dispute package.
SOURCES THEY REQUEST. 

MO family support had never reported any of my payments until i disputed this with the credit agencies, which lowered my credit score significantly
I printed the Deposit USD form with all the appropriate information, took it to my banks so that they could perform the wire transfer.
I have left messages with Mr. XXXX, XXXX and XXXX.
Then I pay by personal check.
We make XXXX XXXX  weekly, a Gold Preferred Business Checking client, we collect thousands of dollars in echecks from our merchant that deposits into our bank daily.
I KNEW I WANTED TO GO INTO A FIRST HOME OWNERS PROGRAM,
CFPB step up and fix the errors reported on the following accounts : XXXX XXXX XXXX, XXXX XXXX, XXXX XXXX XXXX   XXXX XXXX, XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX, XXXX XXXX XXXX
I do not remember his name or hers but the phone number they called from is XXXX. 

I've also verified with the XXXX XXXX courts that they have no role in the credit reporting process in which they made the following statement : The Bankruptcy Court has no interaction with credit bureaus, including XXXX, TransUnion, and XXXX.
I paid via my PayPal Credit account, which was charged on XX/XX/2021 for {$110.00} - the item price of {$99.00} plus shipping and tax.
Im negative XXXX dollars.
My complaint surrounds the illegal execution of a foreclosure sale completed on XX/XX/2015.I have requested on multiple occasions for XXXX XXXX , XXXX.
SPS fraudulently took money from us that was an overpayment of our Homeowners Insurance when we owed nothing to them as our mortgage and escrow accounts were 100 % current based on their billing.
2 ) Account name : XXXX  XXXX Account number : XXXX Account type : Credit card Date opened : XX/XX/XXXX Status : Open. 

Yesterday I called back to see if the refund process had begun and they told me 15 days before the refund process begins and 22 days before I even see any result.
( XXXX ) Reseller with file The sole obligation of the consumer reporting agency under this section, with regard to any request of a consumer under this section, shall be to block the consumer report maintained by the consumer reporting agency from any subsequent use, if ( A ) the consumer, in accordance with the provisions of subsection ( a ), identifies, to a consumer reporting agency, information in the file of the consumer that resulted from identity theft ; and ( B ) the consumer reporting agency is a reseller of the identified information. 

The State Employees Credit Union, this is reporting the wrong information that is inaccurate.
At the time small packages were stranded for weeks at air cargo warehouses because the system was overwhelmed.
A Section 2 : It also states a consumer reporting agency can not furnish a account without my written instructions 15 U.S.C 1681c.
All they do is causing me to have money damages and ruined my life! 

9.
Specialized Loan Servicing acquired the servicing of my mortgage in XXXX of this year.
On XXXX/XXXX/16, we made a payment of {$1800.00} which cleared our bank on XXXX/XXXX/16.
I asked representative if I should expect any additional charges and representative responded that I paid the full amount and account is closed.
Please make them stop. 

I left spoke to a customer service rep and was told that someone would call me back ( which never happened ).
At first he said i would pay the agency in person with cash when the puppy was delivered to my apartment but then a few hours later he requested that i pay using money order.
My name is XXXX XXXX XXXX this complaint is not made in error neither is it being made by a third party.
I told them I wanted to pay off everything/close account. 

I have reached out more than necessary to solve this debt. 


AS of XXXX/XXXX/16, XXXX XXXX stated both our accounts were in Good Standing and he did not know any reason why the Bank would want to close our good standing accounts.! 


I agree the false fees are being reported exactly as they were originally falsely charged.
I believe that despite all of my conversations, sending money and jumping through hoops, They have no interest in helping only stealing what I have spent decades through some very hard economic time trying to keep what I have invested so much in.
I have took measures to make sure no one try 's to open anything under my name again.
Additionally, because I did n't receive any notices or communication before they reported me to the credit agencies, they agreed to removed the two instances they reported nonpayment on XX/XX/XXXX and XX/XX/XXXX to the credit agencies, yet they have not done so and my credit score significantly dropped.
They took my letters, went to their computers and after much time said that they could not find any information about this matter.
In the article XXXX XXXX, a spokesperson for Wells Fargo is quoted as saying Wells Fargo has decided to narrow its student-lending focus.
In accordance with the Fair Credit Reporting act XXXX  Account # XXXX account name XXXX XXXX., has violated my rights.
When they looked into my credit, they informed me that according to PHH, I was now 4 months late on paying my mortgage.
XXXXXXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX
15 U.S.C 1681 section 602 A. States i have the right to privacy.


I refuse to pay that amount if the bank can not even contact me about the issue.
They ended up paying somebody elses taxes and added it to our loan.
i disputed with explenation but the status never changed since i came back to united states.
Honorable XXXX XXXX XXXX, XXXX XXXX XXXX
Of Education account were late on the same exact dates of XX/XX/XXXX thru XX/XX/XXXX which is impossible.
ALL XXXX LATE PAYMENTS ARE FALSE.
XXXX XXXX and have always made payments to them when I owed them money.
( 3 ) Significance of block.
This made absolutely no sense whatsoever.
IT SIMPLY NEEDS TO BE REMOVED!
I have repeatedly filed complaint with CareCredit re interest rate.
On XX/XX/2020 I received the same form in the mail to fill out for taxes that I filled out online over 2 weeks ago.
It looks like you have provided your account number and the charges are being processed as an ACH debit, with your account number, to your account and not with your debit card.
This letter is a formal complaint that inaccurate information is list on my credit report. 

During my visit I presented a fully completed, standard SBA loan application packet in anticipation of using this data to process the Payroll Protection Loan.
Forwarded Conversation Subject :
When I pointed that out to the office, they explained that they were putting down some services and only needed my signature simply to see how much credit I could obtain from Care Credit ; basically, the specifically treatment sought was not important at that time.
TransUnion has low and unfair credit number for me in their report.
So, they shut the system down and hasnt reported anything since.
It is upon poor judgment that these docs were sent.
In accordance with the fair credit reporting act XXXX  accounts XXXX XXXX XXXX has violated my rights under 15 U.S.C 1681 section 602A and 604A section 2 and 15 U.S.C 1666B See attachments below
Please advocate for me in this challenge.
After several attempts to remedy the billing issue they sold the debt to a collection agency who also was unsuccessful in their attempt to collect what I feel was not my debt.
They will issue XXXX checks to me on XXXX/XXXX/16 because it takes 10 days to process this.
Experian is not reporting my Mastercard ( revolving account ) on my credit profile history.
If you fail to give these detailsper my civil rights petition, please make sure you quickly remove this specificwrong posting.
They caused me a big financial and emotional distress.
We greatly appreciate your support and we are awaiting your reply.
MY ONLY ADDRESS IS : XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX OHXXXX.
The list of inquiries and accounts was unknown and erroneous.
I responded within 3 days of receiving this letter, disputing the validity of the debt and informing them that I had been a victim of ID theft as I never applied for, used, consented to acquiring this debt or ever used this credit card. 


Company was never authorized to share personal credit reports with XXXX, XXXX or any parties not authorized by me myself or identity holder which is my according to credit reporting law, i would need your help and getting them to remove all this frivolous information on my credit report please
I explained to them that we are a XXXX member family on one income.
Keep in mind I bought this house for $ XXXX in XX/XX/XXXX( XXXX yrs ago )
We are not dealing with an XXXX XXXX at XXXX who is attempting to help us but her hands are apparently tied.
My monthly mortgage payment will increase by {$600.00} effective XX/XX/XXXX due to escrow.
I live in New Jersey I also have XXXX A, B. All my bills are covered it is illegal in nj to balance bill a XXXX recipient
She asked if I had a cancellation number, and I advised again that we were never able to get any transaction numbers from Citizens.
[ 5 ] BE ADVISED, My spouse and I are FEE SIMPLE absolute homeowners holding GOOD title, and no legally collectable liens on record against my property.
There are unknown hard inquiries on my credit reports.
Each rhetorical device is a distinct tool that can be used to construct an argument or make an existing argument more compelling.
therefore the bank added n additional XXXX dollar insufficient funds overdraft fee.
Subsequently, we both did our respective 10 POS purchases around XX/XX/XXXX and we waited for the end of the 4th cycle ( XX/XX/XXXX ) to receive our respective {$200.00} reward. 


I feel more comfortable paying that ( original creditor )
Furthermore, they filed the insurance for my bill on the same date as you will see in the attachment.
TransUnion has verified that the bankruptcy information reported in your credit report accurately reflects the public record of the United States Federal Bankruptcy Court, and is currently reported on your credit report as permitted by federal law.
I am requesting a CREDIT BLOCK on my file from all 3 bureaus and including the supplemental credit reporting agencies.
I have sent a letter certified mail because I need a prompt response to this issue.
Then on Sunday XXXX/XXXX/15, my account stated my deposit was there on another card I had previously but that one expired on XX/XX/2015.
Again, a decrease in FICO score. 

Please help me
By purchasing the loan, Nationstar assumes the terms and conditions of the original contract.
It has been 46 days and I have not received a response.
I have done this already and they have nothing to do with escrow collection and that needs to be corrected by the company. 


XXXX XXXX {$2300.00} Account number XXXX Date Opened XX/XX/XXXX 4.
6.
I have had these XXXX item withdrawn with the state of Georgia due to have them paid and following the guidelines to have them removed from my credit,
They told me to send a copy of my driver license, letter of mail and other documents.
I have tried to resolve this matter plenty of times and the next step is to proceed with litigation due to the hardship that this matter has caused me.
On  XXXX   XXXX ,  2017  the compan y Portfolio Recover Associates, LLC. took  me to court regarding an account they purchased form  XXXX   XXXX   XXXX   XXXX   XXXX  for {$1100.00}.
CRA continues to violate FCRA 605A. Identity theft prevention ; fraud alerts and active duty alerts [ 15 U.S.C. 1681c-1 ]
This is unacceptable especially when all I am doing is adhering to a budgeting system that works for me which is what most responsible consumers do to stay on track financially.
I come to find out that BMW repor ted me 30 days late about 4 months ago.
University of XXXX has been on my report since XX/XX/2011 thats 7 years and one month I would like for it to be DELETED IMMEDIATELY
When I was first out of college and underemployed or unemployed the company consistently steered me towards forbearance and deferment, this took my loan balance went from the initial {$55000.00} to over {$72000.00} by the time I was able to get on my feet and find a good job.
Also, it is important to note that this can directly impact my ability to work.
XXXX XXXX let someone take out a loan in my name I have disputed the account with all three credit bureaus they have removed the report XXXX XXXX continues to put the debt back on my credit report they keep raising the balance then lowering the balance and placing hard credit inquiries in order to drop my credit score I have called XXXX XXXX to dispute the debt only to get cussed at
Upon my attempts to pay my past due balances and retrieve my vehicle I was told that they would not accept the payment but instead wanted the entire balance owed on the loan which is {$32000.00}.
The Account Opened is XXXX Account Number : XXXX Date Opened : XX/XX/XXXX Balance : {$9000.00}.
An itemization of the costs, including an accounting, for any additional interest, charges, or other fees placed on this account.
I have asked a manager at GM Financial for a full accounting of my account and have not received it. 


The address is STILL incomplete!
i am attaching a snip of my 3 bureau report as well as a few of the letters i sent ...
Please mail me the copy of the signed application or a letter indicating your intention to delete the inquiry i also will like to see all bank transaction that belong to this company that would proved my payments were not accepted on time or you need to removed these unverified late payment I am requesting this investigation under the authorization of the Fair Credit Reporting Act 623.
XXXX XXXX Late payment : XX/XX/2015
But due to the wrong information we applied for the wrong card and that interfered with the Ventura x card.
I need to change my payment due date on my credit card account with Bank of America. 


We have a strong purchase and pay history with the company, consistent income, and have no reason to randomly commit fraud.
The monthly amount is variable, dependent on actual charges.
The calls continue and the statements if they arrive are erratic. 

I was advised by the attorney secretary to : check on a Deed-in-Lieu, which is something that Wells Fargo has to refer you for.
I am maintaining a careful record of my communications with you for the purpose of filing a complaint with the FTC should you continue in your non-compliance.
A a collection agency which I have no knowledge of has reported to XXXX a XXXX about a debt that I have no knowledge of by a company I have no knowledge of therefore I have never done business with this company this collection agency and therefore I do not know them anything I have never had any contact with this company whatsoever I have never signed any agreement with them I have never made any business deals with them I have never even heard of them until I saw that they had flagged my credit report was the first I had ever heard about this company
In the interim, I am receiving foreclosure notices left and right. 


today XXXX someone from new American funding collected our personal information to consult a possible founds to buy a home but it was a consult and we did not give permission to someone else to pool our credit.
XXXX XXXX  with ACCT # XXXX opened on XXXX  XXXX, XXXX with a balance of {$0.00} -This is not my account. 



the bureaus should be held accountable for the pencil whipping they do...
A Section 2 : It also states a consumer reporting agency can not furnish an account without my written instructions 15 U.S.C 1681c.
XXXX client has yielded copies of the front end of the two-sided Application and MPN documents, and separate copies of what could be the back ends of any persons documents.
Today my representative called them to discuss the status and was told that they will not accept POAs and will only speak directly to me.
On XX/XX/XXXX I suffered a XXXX.
XX/XX/18 :
Even if they were concern about security, they could have sent a email asking me to call to address a matter just as they do when there is an unusual charge that triggers a security concern. 


At this point I continued to let the State Police investigate and I was directed not to pay the debt since this would be seen as an admission on my part, and subsequently not fraud.
I think you have not validated these accounts in accordance with Sections 609 ( a ) ( 1 ) ( A ) and 611 ( a ) ( 1 ) ( A ), and I will pursue legal action against them.
I have only had 1 XXXX XXXX account but Portfolio Recovery will not assist with validation or removing the debt.
I was scared! 


XXXX XXXX. 



These need accounts need to be removed from my credit report immediately!!!
End of XX/XX/2018, my mortgage with XXXX was bought by Ditech. 


I've asked for a co-signer release every year and got denied.
I demand these accounts be deleted immediately or I will file for litigation due to the stress you caused me.
Attached is a report dated XX/XX/2021.
15 U.S.C 1681 section 602 A. States I have the right to privacy.


I received a letter from United Recovery and responded immediately requesting verification including original signed contract because this is not my debt.
This can potentially cost me my livelihood as I am a XXXX XXXX XXXX and being behind on a mortgage is a huge no no in terms of being licensed. 


I do not understand why they are abusing consumers
I didnt document this anywhere because I took his word for it, and now it hurts me to see that in the end that he failed to own up to his end of the bargain.             
Please do not continue to tell me that you do not have the funds unless you have proof that you rejected the funds and a record of where the funds went after you rejected it. 


XXXX  INQUIRY XX/XX/XXXX )
I disputed the accounts but Equifax failed to send me evidence of the accounts in question..
I have asked for lease with my name on it with the address these services were provided for.
This is not a duplicate nor is this complaint filed by a third party.
He promised he would reach out and see about getting the forbearance pushed through, but in the meantime advised me to fill out a mortgage assistance application.
1.Please provide breakdown of fees including any collection costs and medical charges 2.Provide a copy of my signature with the provider of service to release my medical information to you. 

However, the letter I received today, also attached, was marked XX/XX/XXXX.
I XXXX XXXX recently gained a copy of my credit report and noticed inaccurate and unfair accounts that are hurting my general reputation as a consumer.
Years ago, someone fraudulently opened an amazon account in my name and used it.
After application and review by the original creditor ( XXXX XXXX XXXX )
I was also to get proof of the filing on Fraud with the State Police, which I did although it took a few weeks.
I sent the fanny pack back to XXXX for repair which took over a month to evaluate.
{$50.00} a month.
Both banks have full details of the transaction, but would not act on it without a police report / local law enforcement involvement.
This Complaint is being submitted through the CFPB to inform Experian that I am a victim of identity theft and the account I am disputing does not relate to any transaction that I have made or authorized nor did I receive any benefits as a result of the theft of my Identity.
If I had not filed the previous CFPB complaint,, I'm convinced they also would not have paid the taxes on time.
I spoke with XXXX who was completely unhelpful, told me he would email another department to see when the inquiry would be removed and I would hear back from them and he couldnt give me a timeframe to hear back.
I have asked the FTC to please provide to Bank of America some other proof, like a cancellation document, that XXXX XXXX is closed down by them, but I don't know if they will do that.
Since XXXX would not grant me anything in writing stating that I lived there and did n't ever owe a balance, this was not sufficient enough for the debt collector ( National Credit Systems ) to delete the file.
Not fare for a company to give you a credit and then close your account since all my payments had been on time.
I'd like these items removed from my account immediately.
If this was true, it appears to us that Wells Fargo was simply attempting to make it appear that they were participating in the program.
This was an untrue statement so we went to our local branch in XXXX, IN to get this straightened out. 

Proof of my expressed written consent to furnish the bankruptcy as per 15 USC 1681b Permissible purpose of consumer reports, was not provided either.
XXXX XXXX XXXX is still deducting the biweekly payments of {$200.00} from my checking account.
The law is very clear as to the Civil liability and the remedy available to me ( Section 616 & 617 ) if you fail to comply with Federal Law.
I should be able to view my online credit report online instead of having to mail and send the same documents again because EQUIFAX WAS GIVEN THE RIGHT INFORMATION BUT REFUSES TO USE IT.
Then I tried to do it all online, that was terrible!
I received a letter from XXXX XXXX that was attempting to collect a debt from a PayPal account that was opened in my name.
so I can Live a life with my kids away from x.
They have failed 3 times to show me their method of verification. 

This letter is from Assett Recovery Associates, XXXX XXXX XXXX, XXXX XXXX, IL. XXXX. 


I still have not received a return phone call. 

I doubt, therefore, that the employees of the company know that they are fraudulently attempting to collect on nonexistent debt ( s ).
What reeks of hyprocrisy is that this letter states that " These payment opportunities do not alter or amend your validation rights as described in our previous letter to you ''.
15 USC 1681 Section 602 States I have the right to privacy.


Every single week day from the 18th to today XX/XX/XXXX I have tried to create an online account to no avail, and I have called them every week day thrice a day to get in contact with someone who can help me, but after 5 mins of hold I get told to leave a message which I did but still no response.
In response to a complaint I filed with Coinbase Case ( which Coinbase regarded as Case # XXXX ), I received a generalized email from their support staff on XX/XX/XXXX stating in part that " Bank wires will be automatically credited to your account when received. ''
This account is paid in full.
That was after attempting to contact XXXX more than 21 times.
I have a few issues at this point the escrow was never released and to date hasn't been I called twice now and every time I call I get different information from the reps first I get told that I have to wait 1 day for things to process then im told 3-5 days then I was told 3-5 days for the payment to post and 3-5 for escrow to clear.
He then sent me on to someone who could get me back into my account.
In XX/XX/XXXX I took out a credit repair money lion loan with Money Loin they advertise that they give loans up to {$1000.00} and will give you so much upfront and put the rest in an escrow account.
Asked why this matter has not been resolved in more than a month and was told that they are still investigating the missing checks and in the meantime I need to make whatever payments that are recorded in my statement account, whether it is a {>= $1,000,000} accounting error or not, I would have to make those payments and they can not accept any partial payments.
I received no communication from Sears that my payment was being automatically redirected.
I have never had this happen before.
XXXX and Equifax continue to report account is verified and validated.
Navient needs to work with her instead of going after someone else for payment.
Just seems unreasonable and a financial hardship on the consumer for years. 


Moreover, no adequate information has been given and noticed these accounts appear to violate my rights as well, per 15 USC 1692 ( e ) ( f ) ( g ).
Received a letter on XX/XX/XXXX from Credit Collection Services in XXXX, MA of a past due account to XXXX XXXX in the amount of XXXX from XX/XX/XXXX Spoke with Credit Collection Services on XX/XX/XXXX and informed them I have never met the person who ordered the test, XXXX XXXX XXXX, in XXXX, GA or been to that XXXX location in Georgia.
I demand all accounts I disputed in my XX/XX/2020 letter be deleted from my credit report IMMEDIATELY.
after 15 emails they Responded with a computer program email .I am Out est - $ XXXX From The Time Of Buying, I can't go back and figure the cost out because the numbers have a changed ..
Under H.J.R. 192 the U.S. government is bankrupt, Federal Reserve Notes is a debt instrument, how can one pay a debt with a debt instrument?
The loans were already underway when I withdrew and now Navient has destroyed my credit.
I do know that obviously on both of these occasions my credit file was temporarily opened, but this was because for whatever reason Experian 's credit monitoring service asked me to temporarily lift so that a XXXX credit report could be pulled.
I got school loan paid off and summit it to them.
THEY HAVENT SENT ME SIGNED CONTRACTS TO PROVE IT WAS MINE AND IRONICALLY
They are legally required to allow me to place a credit freeze and are making this unreasonably difficult.
AND this was after she had to award us hundreds of dollars in waived fees to make the loan go through.
fro m a customer service agents,  XXXX .
It had escrow added in and was only {$75.00} cheaper from what I had previously been paying.
I was never notified about these inaccurate reporting accounts on my credit report.
There was a promotion in which I was to make at least 2 direct deposits of {$250.00} or more and then I would receive a {$100.00} bonus. 



After hanging up and calling back, I speak with XXXX again and he tells me that they're actually closing my account.
I need these items removed from my credit report.
In addition, we are unable to log in to the XXXX website proving no purchases were made.
I reached out to EOS on multiple occasions, and even showed the proof I paid.
I have been treated poorly throughout this entire experience.
ASKING THAT YOU PLEASE RE-INVESTIGATE THE ACCOUNT AND INQUIRY AND HAVE THEM REMOVED OFF MY CREDIT AS SOON AS POSSIBLE.
- Is this loan modification just a joke?
JPMORGAN Chase Bank, NAXXXX Florida, XXXX.
I'm currently considering my next moves but have reported it to multiple agencies and will send an email to the FTC and my local govt agency to report their unfair collection practices
Why continue to ask the company like Experian which owns XXXX for information when they continue to kick you out of the program to ask for a free report and they say they CANT CONFIRM MY IDENTITY WHEN THEY JUST DID ON THEIR OWN WEB PAGE AND THEN TELL ME THAT I ALREADY RECEIVED A REPORT AND I DID NOT!!!!!
On XXXX XXXX, XXXX I discovered a XXXX Account # XXXX with the same amount of {$2400.00} and same dates had been re-inserted into my credit file in XXXX XXXX.
I had previously paid XXXX {$700.00} of the {$1200.00} total.
I did not sign any release.
Also they have violated my rights even more In accordance with the Fair Credit Reporting Everything has to be 100 % accurate on my credit report.
On Thursday XX/XX/XXXX, I missed a phone call from a representative with XXXX XXXX XXXX named XXXX.
That was no fault of my company or your borrower ( the  seller ). 


There are hard inquiries on my credit reports with XXXX XXXX, XXXX  and XXXX.
A month later my accounts ( had an Amazon as well ) are closed.
and I used my Capital One Master Card, but it was declined.
I was informed by an XXXX rep to come here before file a suit against these people.
told me that the hassle of doing that to save a few dollars was not worth it ...
My account was exact and was perfectly balanced at ALL times.
12 CFR 1022.41 ( a ) Accuracy means that information that a furnisher provides to a consumer reporting agency about an account or other relationship with the consumer correctly : ( 1 ) Reflects the terms of and liability for the account or other relationship ; ( 2 ) Reflects the consumer 's performance and other conduct with respect to the account or other relationship ; and ( 3 ) Identifies the appropriate consumer.
Another example : XXXX : Account sold to XXXX, then they have Bankruptcy Chapter XXXX, but the account is Purchased by another Lender ( How can I do both ).
15 U.S.C. 1681c.
Thank you for your assistance in the matter.
I have only resided in XXXX XXXX and XXXX since I was XXXX!
they were supposed to contacted me as a borrower and explore options and avoid foreclosure
I've received no response to that request. 


Last week I received a letter to be notified & repay over {$34000.00}.
I am constantly getting the same message that these accounts have been verified with any evidence.
XXXX failed to ever contact me to advise me that the contract was approved or disapproved.
The XXXX XXXX XXXX was left unlocked for 7 days.
This collection agency is furnishing an alleged debt that is on my consumer report ( XXXX, XXXX  and XXXX  
( 5 ) Treatment of inaccurate or unverifiable information ( A ) In general If, after any reinvestigation under paragraph ( 1 ) of any information disputed by a consumer, an item of the information is found to be inaccurate or incomplete or can not be verified, the consumer reporting agency shall ( i ) promptly delete that item of information from the file of the consumer, or modify that item of information, as appropriate, based on the results of the reinvestigation; and ( ii ) promptly notify the furnisher of that information that the information has been modified or deleted from the file of the consumer.


My cell phone is : XXXX XXXX XXXX.


I have been carrying my own home insurance because they told me that I did not qualify for them to cover it.
Principal {$1800.00} and interest {$960.00}.
I asked if they would meet at police station.
Until that request is done CAPITAL ONE can not report late payments in accordance with regulations of the Bureau,12 CFR 1026.13 ( d ) ( 3 ).
In XX/XX/2019, I received an offer for a 0 % balance transfer to a Discover " It '' card and decided to apply.
I have many  negative remarks about my payment history that are not true and I have suffered from it for the past 4 years now.
The Bureaus are reporting incorrect information on WESTLAKE FINANCIAL SVC.
I'm filing a lawsuit and filing with the FBI for bank fraud on this XXXX if the business account is not released.
This thief has just about all my information and has opened credit cards and accounts credit unions in my name.
Chase sold the loan to XXXX.
The experian reports shows a balance of {$400.00} when in fact, it is paid-in full, in great standing and never late.
Im not sure what I can do to satisfy their requests and frankly I have been jumping through hoops and even obtained legal counsel since my bank did not follow regulation E when I noticed the unauthorized transactions on my accounts.
I received no notice of a change of account terms and a {$500.00} minimum balance amount was never a feature of this account. 


I don't understand why I would be denied because my income, rental history and credit is up to standard.
Once again she informed me that Truest Bank will only offer a forbearance of 3 to 6 months.
They attempted to refuse a debt validation as well.
today is two days later..
This company has not reached out to me to make any arrangements prior to submitting this letter to my employer.
I did.
XXXX sent this debt to Jefferson Capital Systems for collection.
Medical Data Systems refuses to send any paperwork regarding the validation of the debt.
Only my taxes were included in my escrow account.
Part of the appeal our current home has to us is that it allows us to be primary care providers to our our aging parents as the need arises.
Ranging from : XXXX.
These were POSITIVE ACCOUNTS helping my credit score.
Just look at the EDD system in CA, VA, NJ, MD and NCs unemployment fraud and hackers.
Promptly request deletion of any prior credit reporting to credit reporting agencies.
Im currently seeking litigation regarding consistent harassment, unfair debt practices, adding without my permission/authorization within 5 days and more.
Recent events regarding the escrow account that I can not get deleted despite the customer service representatives telling me to keep trying.
He stated they have mailed notice out and I informed him I have not received it.
The information for this account listed on my credit report is : CREDITOR : XXXX XXXX, ACCOUNT XXXX, OPENED XX/XX/2019, BALANCE OF {$4100.00}
I am so hurt and frustrated that I am trying my best during a difficult time in my life to pay my bills and take care of my responsibilities and my efforts are treated so poorly.
XXXX XXXX XXXX {$1300.00} 3.
My hire date on my XXXX says my hire date was XX/XX/XXXX.
I feel I am due interest for each day XXXX XXXX withholds my XXXX of my balance from me.
When looking this up online, the definition points to some Lawyer fees relating to based on foreclosure.
Being that they have gone past the 30 day mark and can not verify these accounts, under Section 611 ( 5 ) ( A ) of the FCRA - they are required to promptly delete all information which can not be verified that I have disputed.
We are writing to request the information described below in regard to the mortgage on my property at, XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX, Il XXXX. 


On or about XX/XX/2019, I called Equifax and told the representative about it.
He stated that wasnt going to work and I let him know that I wasnt going to pay that total amount and stated the next time I called he was going to be more and hung up.
I have not received a foreclosure letter from the attorney, State of Tennessee require the homeowner is to receive a 30 day notice prior to a property foreclosure sale being set.
I the.
Section 623 ( b ) ( 2 ).

Promptly modify or delete the information or block its reporting.
When they turned bill over to XXXX who immediately contacted my ex wife, even though she was not a cardmember.
We had requested multiple times prior to closing to review the loan documents, which XXXX and XXXX failed to provide until the day of our scheduled closing, merely two hours prior to the scheduled closing time.
They send me replies from 6 different addresses and phone numbers so far so I have no way of getting in touch with anyone and these credit reporting agencies are no help.
I never authorized or given permission for this to be reporting.
15 U.S.C 1681 section 602 A. States I have the right to privacy.


Please proceed with caution.
According to section 605 ( b ) of the FCRA, these accounts must be removed within 4 business days of reciept of this report. 

I have more than paid the amount I borrowed.
This is unacceptable and a violation of the FCRA which states they have 30 days to respond.
XXXX went on to mention that I could deposit {$50000.00} more into Citi ( from an external account ) and that he would submit an appeal on his end in two more months.
This is the second time this year that the account was flagged / suspended.
Additional info : my daughter and her family now live in the house as I am working out of state.
If any case arising or filed under title 11 is withdrawn by the consumer before a final judgment, the consumer reporting agency shall include in the report that such case or filing was withdrawn upon receipt of documentation certifying such withdrawal.
The operator also refused to fix the problem with the card. 


Received a collections notice from Linebarger Goggan Blair & Sampson, LLP in the mail on XX/XX/21 stating 3 unpaid parking citations.
Well weeks late i recieve a letter from GreenTree staying that it is a valid fee and will not be refunding me at this time.
there was no notice of lis pendens filed ...
When she seemed bothered by my questioning, I explained maam this isnt personal.
XXXX XXXX XXXX  with ACCT # XXXXXXX opened on XX/XX/XXXX with a credit limit of {$20000.00} -This is not my account. 



I have filled it out and sent it to at least one of the credit reporting companies only to have it stay on my report and I am still denied access due to the wrong phone numbers and addresses being on my report.
On XX/XX/XXXX XXXX took from my account XXXX fraud.
They have no right or authorization to have in there possession my social security and drivers license number, which is a direct violation of my right to privacy.
I talk to a rep and they cant help me because only the specialized handling team can and they arent in until Monday. 


I have very low credit utilization.
I called the fraud department again, and was told that this isn't the first time he's heard of this problem and that I should get a " warrant '' -- I think he meant subpoena.
XXXX XXXX SOLD MY MORTGAGE LOAN # XXXX TO THE BANK OF NEW YORK MELLON.
We are both going to graduate school and both sent in student loan deferment request forms.
Payment made for the first XXXX and then the second payment of XXXX was made on XXXX2016 over the phone to the law office from XXXX XXXX.
Please act accordingly in this serious matter.
All my points were lost.
Checking XXXX claim submitted | View claim details | View uploads Claim Status : Closed - ApprovedClaim Number : XXXX of Notification :
XXXX XXXX XXXX I called XXXX and nobody answered the phone. 


Attention Last reported : XX/XX/XXXX {$540.00} 30-59 Days Late XXXX XXXXNeeds
This complaint has not been filed by a third party nor was it filed in error.
CA STATE LAWS protect me the consumer through TIME-BARRED! 

I do not own a vehicle, neither do I have an auto insurance policy nor do I have an auto loan.
They put my loans back in repayment mode.
There is way too many fraudulent accounts open that I am not near familiar with.
Please block or remove the reporting of any information in my credit file that resulted from an alleged identity theft.
And legislation since that date has in effect totally rewritten the law of coinage as it existed in the XXXX XXXX. 

Transunion, claim they investigated this dispute and that it was verified as accurate by XXXX XXXX but there is no way they attempted to investigate the accuracy of the information if XXXX XXXX is saying that the information is unverifiable.
We met the guidelines and there were instructions as per XXXX XXXX with XXXX XXXX to release the escrow holdback of {$10000.00}.
I made sure there was no problems. 


Original security agreement stated $ XXXX financing : 71 payments of {$400.00} ( final payment of XXXX ) at 5.470 % in exchange for {$42000.00} paid to XXXX on my behalf with first payment due on XX/XX/2021. 


However, I need these laws applied to my report or I will take legal action. 

And everytime I contact   anyone I keep getting transferred to another agency or department.
The below information in my credit profile is having damaging effects on my credit standing.
When I notified XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX they did noting and basically said deal with it and passed blame into Experian.
The fee has not been waived and Banco Popular is still requiring payment.
I keep them open because i just got pre approved for a home loan and by them reporting un accurate info to the better bureaus they are messing my score up.
I applied for car loan online and 10 companies did hard inquiry without my permission
I had requested a tracking number, picture of contents of the envelope, and a photo ID.
Instead of you attempting to communicate with me to ensure my account was protected, or even find out if I was aware of suspicious activity, you close my account.
The continuance of the debt collector XXXX XXXX reporting this alleged debt on my alleged consumer report is a violation of my rights pursuant to Federal Law. 


I pay all of my credit cards online and receive emails for all of these notifications.
The creditors listed on my reports are as follows :
I received block call unknown name & number asked To call XXXX Where a recorded voice states " WE have tried to contract several times and WE have recived several complaints in our office " call XXXX.
I XXXX XXXX desire to have a full accounting of a vehicle repossession from XXXX, including my balance before the repossession, and the price in which the vehicle was sold again at.
I have been having my check deducted since XX/XX/XXXX.
NOTHING, SO I WANT MY {$160.00} BACK AND IF THEY FEEL THERE RIGHT, THEN YOU CAN BET I WILL CALL MY ATTORNEY, AND SUE THE XXXX OUT OF THERE CORPORATE COMPANY.
Medical revenue Service is attempting to collect a debt I XXXX do not owe.
I requested a copy of my free credit report from the XXXX agencies, I have received reports from XXXX and XXXX but nothing from Equifax.
.This was a fist step towards attempting resolution.
My wife and I have been in the loss mitigation process multiple times and it never seems to have any positive results.
EXPERIAN DIDNT DO THEIR INITIAL INVESTIGATIONS.
12 U.S.C. 411, 31 U.S.C. 5103.
You can pull up my previous complaint if easier CFPB # XXXX. 


My identity was stolen after my wallet was stolen with my social security card and drivers license.
Complaint # 2 : The above quote is actually incorrect.
XX/XX/2019 :
As of the date of this letter, my complaint has not been resolved to my satisfaction.
I stated that would be fine.
I received the Citicards secured Visa card in XX/XX/2018, several years before I was blessed to have a healthy baby girl.
I did n't change my address 17 years so I do n't know what happened.
I explained to XXXX how horrified I was by the call.
I explained to the representative that I do not owe any money to XXXX XXXX, and that I do not remember having a credit card from XXXX XXXX.
According to the Staff, XXXX XXXX, my insurance recently paid the account in XX/XX/XXXX and I am now in collection. 


As soon as, I realized about the first email a minutes after ( XXXX XXXX )
I spoke with a representative by the name of XXXX today and on a recorded line he basically told me its nothing they can do.
They have a small box to drop the checks.
This dropped my score dramatically and is really hurting me!!
I mentioned that it wasnt me and thats why Ive been trying to get information on whats going on so I can fix the problem.
In italicized lettering it said that in order to create this autopay an initial payment needed to be paid.
( 3 ) Notice.
They also refuse to allow me to freeze my credit file.
It would be advisable that you and your client assure that your records are in order before I am forced to take legal action. 

active around XXXX - XX/XX/XXXX XX/XX/XXXX
SOMEONE STOLE MY WALLET ALONG WITH MY PERSONAL INFORMATION AND OBTAINED CAR LOANS, HOMELOANS, MEDICAL AND ETC.
I found out due to calling in to PNC.
I have very low credit utilization.
Please review your report for the details. 

I submitted a request for a freeze numerous times and SageStream did not respond nor did anyone answer the phone.
When I hit my promotional requirements of spending {$1000.00} and making 2 consecutive bill pays, I was told that I have met the requirements and will now just have to wait 90 days ( until XX/XX/XXXX ) to get my miles.
Te bill was paid a few month back and it still reporting on all 3 credit bureaus.
I spoke to his supervisor and was told that I must be looking at the wrong account.
Never purchases textbooksXXXX XXXX website only addresses tuition reimbursement when you drop a class after the first day of classes with a weekly tuition reversal schedule for the refund.
Shortly after I sold my watch I called XXXX to remove that line and they NEVER did.
In the dispute summary online, it still reflects the dispute as open and pending investigation.
15 U.S.C. 1681 section 602 A section 2, it also states a consumer reporting agency can not furnish an account with out my written instruction or consent.
6.
I've reached out to all three credit bureaus regarding this matter.
All I want is my car back.
1.
I never carry a balance.
XX/XX/2022, I sent a letter to the courthouse asking do the report bankruptcies to the credit bureaus and I got a letter stating They do not report any bankruptcies to anybody.
On XX/XX/XXXX I chatted with a Care Credit rep who said a manager would review with the dispute department and within 48 hours the balance would be adjusted.
On XX/XX/2018, Bank of America denied my dispute claim for a partial refund of the XXXX XXXX charges.
XXXX 
I am worried about this explanation that my card was closed due to " a past investment account closure. ''
The funds in my escrow account as of XX/XX/2021, at the time the loan was paid off was {$3000.00}.
You can not create your own history of my account.
I have previously included these items on my first CFPB Complaint and I am including them once again.
There is some kind of " rule '' at Navient that the person must make all payments due ON TIME for the first two years, and they will then release the Cosigner.
I did not receive anything in the mail, email, or text notification that my payment was overdue.
The Gramm-Leach-Bliley Act 's notice and opt out provisions are in addition to the obligations imposed by the Fair Credit Reporting Act ( FCRA ) .If
( a ) & ( 5 ) ( a ) INFORMATION EXCLUDED FROM CONSUMER REPORTS Except as authorized under subsection ( b ), no consumer reporting agency may make any consumer report containing any of the following items of information : ( 5 ) Any other adverse item of information, other than records of convictions of crimes which antedates the report by more than seven years.


It felt amazing to not only bring our accounts current but to pay EVERYTHING on time again.
I have seen that there has been a financial settlement and I would like to know if I am due any recompence for my mental and physical anguish caused by XXXX handling of my account.
Addresses that does not pertains to XXXX XXXX needs to be deleted and so does the bankruptcy
I sent them a copy of the discharge letter and they wo n't accept it.
Everything is offer and acceptance. 


XX/XX/XXXX - I resubmitted the application and new pay stub. 


On XXXX XX/XX/XXXX she returned to Estate to four XXXX  trespassing on property.
Even if a consumer can't actually prove damages, they can still be awarded up to {XXXX} plus reimbursement for attorney 's fees and court costs.
I will also file with the CFPB and FTC!
XXXX I have tried to get this corrected before with no response.
XXXX XXXX refunded the late fees but refused to remove the negative information submitted to the credit bureaus even after my request for an investigation.
I C SYSTEM Account Number : XXXX
I shopped for a mortgage back in XXXX or 2019.
Every year they send me this specific letter stating this change of address within the last few months.
The fax number ( Fax : XXXX ) is indeed associated with their company.
Discover Card has not only failed to close my account they are illegally and fraudulently and without my permission monitoring my loan activity through other banks and financial institutions.
Bank of America referred me to XXXX since all payments were made to XXXX.
Citibank sent me a notice on XX/XX/2017 notifying me of a message of account closure.
I have spoken with XXXX the consumer reporting agency who states that there was never an authorization nor written consent given.
Also, in the event that the Credit Bureaus claim that the disputed accounts and information belongs to me, I require the Credit Bureaus to send me copies of proof of verification.
This seems like they are trying to get people to stay at the credit limit.
Again, I didn't realize this until I received my XXXX statement.
At this time they dont know the new guidelines that will be in place for working in the dental  field. 


XXXX XXXX ACCOUNT # XXXX OPENED
The agent told me that she submitted another ticket with urgency to the team, and that we should expect a response sometime next week and that was only to get an estimate of how long it would actually take to fully resolve the issue. 

The account number is XXXX.
I filed a claim with the bank so that my money will be returned.
Thanks. 

They both win at the expense of the patients.
The rep that I spoke to via live chat ensure me not to worry that he was going to help resolve this issue.
In light of the aforementioned, XXXX XXXX hereby demands your company cease and desist from any further collection efforts against him and notate that his account has a zero balance.
Creditor : XXXX XXXX  Account #
.This was a fist step towards attempting resolution.
Per Fair Credit Reporting Act Section 605B ( a ) the credit bureaus are require to remove/block any account which was opened without my knowledge, consent or authority within 4 business days with ( 1 ) appropriate proof of the identity of the consumer ; ( 2 ) a copy of an identity theft report ; ( 3 ) the identification of such information by the consumer; and ( 4 ) a statement by the consumer that the information is not information relating to any transaction by the consumer. 


Also I had no idea that XXXX was not something we could get refunded with - I know XXXX that it is possible as well as
I will provide the details of all the cards, open date and usability Chase XXXX XXXX : XXXX, Opened in XXXX.
I 've been off and on the phone with them for weeks with no resolution.
Since it is a necessity by regulation 605b of the FCRA I'm sending this Complaint to assist with laying out a lawful response.
I'm keeping trying to continue to do it without getting positive results ... 

You shouldn't have anything on file with your company in regards to me.
This account is not mine
I tried to call customer service, where I sat on hold for over an hour and a half, and was disconnected, when I immediately called back they were closed. 


In XXXX 2018, I sent them a cease and desist letter indicating that they were to contact me via mail only.
I have read such section, which is very vague, and I am not sure what " violation '' American Express is alledging I did.
I still have not received anything from XXXX XXXX  XXXX XXXX.
I am being charged 13.12 % interest on an original balance that was not even specified to me with the form I will attach to this message.
However I still need to assure complete accuracy on all items posted on my file.
XXXX turned an account that was fraudulent to XXXX collection agency.
Last year i spoke to LVNV FUNDING LLC regarding an amount that was not used by me.
Since XX/XX/XXXX I have been working from home due to Covid 19.
It is also reporting derogatory as a chargeoff, and " Comments '' are misleading, at best.
Didnt provide them with one and they would have to get it or I could call.
Chase XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX filed a response on XXXX/XXXX/XXXX and provided an amortization schedule of what new payments will be on my Heloc.
The last call was today on XX/XX/XXXX, I asked to speak to a supervisor and she said that she had no control over the mail and am a payment behind and there was nothing she could do.
However it did not include my VIN # or the vehicle.
I have carefully reviewed my credit report in XXXX and TransUnion credit bureaus.
I am a consumer, a natural person, and a protected person under federal law.
I demand the deletion of the fraudulent accounts and inquiries listed below which all resulted from the Reported Incident of Identity Theft. 


Our firm complied with the terms of the Payoff.
I have tried to dispute this item with XXXX which they referred me to XXXX XXXX XXXX. 

I called customer service ans spoke to 2 different people.
On XXXX I received notification on my report that the account for XXXX Account XXXX XXXX was charged off for non payment.
The XX/XX/XXXX statement was addressed to XXXX XXXX XXXX, XXXX, NC XXXX and the XX/XX/XXXX and subsequent statements were addressed to XXXX XXXX XXXX, XXXX, Nevada XXXX.
Mislead about the removal of Our mortgage insurance. 


To verify that whether it is a XXXX XXXX issue, I went to XXXX to request my free credit reports and got errors from all three companies.
and I have yet to receive a response. 

I was told ( via text ) that they don't have any official documentation that they can send me regarding that. 


I was told they bank account number clarification which was told to my relationship manager on XXXX.
I have retained a copy of your signature and date of receipt, as well as a time-stamped copy of my credit reports, showing that you have violated the Fair Credit Reporting Act, Section 623 ( a ) ( 3 ) and/or the Fair Debt Collection Practices Act Section 807 ( 8 ) by not placing the disclosure within the required 30-day period. 


I keep money in other accounts and transfer to this account if necessary to avoid fees.
The calculation was XXXX which was actually only to be XXXX and that the corrected information was sent to my mortgage company as well as a refund would be sent by the city of  XXXX.
So you might want to look into it when looking at other complaints. 

They are affecting my credit and financing.
I send all documents to the C.R.A and USAA Savings Bank and XXXX.
I again reiterated that I had a prepared budget and that I would not need {$10000.00}, only {$5500.00}.
I owe these companies money for a legitimate debt which I DO NOT.
I called immediately and was assured the payment would be reversed and the {$500.00} would be returned to my account.
According to XXXX XXXX they obtained my account on XXXX XXXX, XXXX, therefore XXXX is still reporting false inaccurate information.
I opened it and found the watch.
I make my payments regularly each month but my balance was the same ( never moving ).
XXXX Balance : {$230.00} ; XXXX XXXX  ( XXXX :
My data has been compromised through the Equifax Security Breach.
People apply for a new mortgage  and are denied because they have reported late payments on their credit report.
So my lawyer reached out to the XXXX dealership as a courtesy to them and they refused.
It is now XXXX, and I haven't received the bonus in accordance with the terms.
The representative stated I would receive a letter with a form for hardship.
This month, Specialized asked me for proof that I had insurance on the property.
THERE WAS HOWEVER, A DEPOSIT {$200.00} MADE ON XXXX/XXXX/XXXX. 


Oh I must have a different telephone number.
I contacted Amplify funding and borrowed only {$500.00} not knowing my interest rate.
The List of accounts below has violated my federally protected consumer rights to privacy and confidentiality under 15 USC 1681. 


I don't understand what is really happening?
She said to pay XXXX so the entire XXXX would be applied but now XXXX just changes when they want.
XXXX XXXX Date Opened : XX/XX/XXXX Balance : {$240.00}, XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XX/XX/XXXX Balance : {$0.00}, XXXX XXXX XXXX Date Opened : XX/XX/XXXX Balance : {$0.00}, XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX : XX/XX/XXXX Balance : {$1100.00}, and
While SDCCU has failed to inform or communicate with us once again as per their investigation or findings, they " apparently ' " verified '' it with the credit bureaus.
Biggest non-cooperating company IS XXXX.
XXXX XXXX ( Original Creditor : XXXX XXXX XXXX  )
I asked her if she had spoken to a specialist, and she said that she could not get through to them.
I have attached that below.
On XX/XX/XXXX having not received the check I called again and was then told it might take up to 30 days to receive the check. 


Wait I thought that process adds more interest to an already outrageous amount due.
Please help.
The representative did confirm that they received all documentation and again reminded me that it would take 7 to 10 business days for the credit reporting department to make their decision.
I received a bill for a medical debt that was supposed to be under review with my insurance.
That is a huge difference.
( 5 ) To an agency administering a State plan under Section 454 of the Social Security Act ( 42 U.S.C. 654 ) for use to set an initial or modified child support award.
This agreement consisted of numerous excessive fees, interest and other unexplained charges and questionable principal.
Ive spoken to at least six customer support agents and chatted with at least that many in the last two months and keep getting the run around or told the matter is resolved when it is not.
I submitted my Online Rental Application. 

A Section 2 states a consumer reporting agency can not furnish an account without my written instructions.
Please remove the following inquiries : XXXX Inquired on XX/XX/XXXX, XXXX  Inquired XXXX XX/XX/XXXX, XXXX XXXX XXXXXXXX Inquired on XX/XX/XXXX, XXXX Inquired on XX/XX/XXXX XXXX XXXX  Inquired on XX/XX/XXXX, XXXX  XXXX on XX/XX/XXXX, XXXX XXXX XXXX  XXXX on XX/XX/XXXX, XXXX XXXX  XXXX XXXX XX/XX/XXXX, XXXX XXXX  Inquired on XX/XX/XXXX, XXXX Inquired on XX/XX/XXXX, XXXX Inquired on XX/XX/XXXX
The only situation I have had in the past was 3 years ago (  XX/XX/XXXX  ) ; my husband had his credit card ( not any sort of bank account ) with Chase closed.
That doesnt even make sense.
If this was a hack against XXXX, XXXX, or Comerica, THIS IS THE SECOND INSTANCE IN ONE YEAR -- THE LAST OCCURRING IN XX/XX/XXXX.
On XXXX XX/XX/XXXX while cutting yard she was approached by XXXX from XXXX XXXX carrying a concealed weapon.
1.
XX/XX/XXXX - I sent a fax to lift all freeze/fraud alerts as well. 

I see that the item continues to be reported on my credit report and company will not take it off.
They have ignored truth, lacked communication and created a credit trap for us that is so extremely detrimental to our family ... over {$120.00}??
I need my paypal account restored and my refund to, There are several XXXX transactions that i have no idea what that is far.
You had optimal time to review this matter and make the appropriate corrections, you elected not to.
In XXXX of XXXX they disbursed a payment to another customers account for insurance to the amount of {$1200.00}.
Citi provided the letter that it was modified and sold as current and paid.
The response provided by Rushmore 's loss mitigation department was simply that it was a requirement of the offer that the house must be left in " broom swept clean '' condition.
No one can undertsand what the retained funds claimed by Nationstar are for.
Who verified these accounts?
I applied for a personal loan with my bank XXXX XXXX and was previously denied so I pulled my three credit reports.
A consumer reporting agency shall promptly notify the furnisher of information identified by the consumer under subsection XXXX a ) of this section ( XXXX ) that the information XXXX be a result of identity theft ; ( XXXX ) that an identity theft report has been filed ; ( XXXX ) that a block has been requested under this section ; and ( XXXX ) of the effective dates of the block.
The account that I am requesting to be deleted is CONVERGENT OUTSOURCING.
6 )
We require the information to be updated accordingly to reflect the loan has been cancelled and the proper agencies notified.
I have had an acct.
Despite three written requests, the unverified items listed below still remain on my credit report in violation of Federal Law.
Section 611 ( a ), it is plainly stated that a failure to investigate these items within 30days gives a reason to immediately remove those items from my credit report it has been over 60 days so they should be deleted promtly.
In their response, CCS didn't provide me with either of the two, but instead, a bill printout from XXXX 's website.
Causing a situation at XXXX bank.
My credit report is stating that I have four ( 4 ) past due payments of more than 30 days.
i sent the entire check to credit acceptance and paid the off they kept the entire check and stated it covered the balance of my loan
Now I'm receiving a collection notice for {$170.00} that is not owed.
After numerous calls, the reason ( still not made clear to me ) is they speculated there's some sort of fraud associated with how the account application was from two addresses.
I would like my {XXXX dollars back as it was illegally taken from me.
Under FDCPA Ive filed a civil suit against this credit bureau and debt collector/Creditor for this unauthorized invalidated account that appear on my credit report.
I know they are all from Citibank as the same phone number and location come up on my caller
The civil liability law which i will sue under is clearly here. 

feel like i'm being taken advantage of and being ignored of my disputes.
I have tried calling the phone numbers your employees have told me to call, and after several hours and multiple phone calls, I was told to send an email.
I am asking for your help in both clarifying what American Express ( and other credit card companies ) can and can not do, and, I am asking how to initiate changing the regulations if in fact they are legally entitled to do what they say they can and are doing. 


I spoke to XXXX XXXX XXXX, State of NJ, to find the funds deposited by my uncle, XXXX XXXX XXXX to my XXXX daughters, at the XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX.
I do not recognize any of the companies the inquired my credit.
At this point i dont know what steps i should take.
I dated the previous letter sent to the XXXX credit bureaus on XX/XX/2022, but I never received a response.
( XXXX ) Reseller with file.
The only way to pay off the {$390.00} is the pay the entire balance of {$7500.00}.
Neither XXXX nor the collection agency ( XXXX ) pursued the collection any further.
On XX/XX/XXXX we finally got a confirmation that the Loan was transferred to PHH and that we needed to wait until the process to transfer was completed. 

Hi I am submitting this XXXX XXXX
I contacted my bank to alert the fraudulent activity and requested a chargeback for the initial fee in the amount of {$120.00}.
I asked for a manager and I was told they will call me but the manager has not and I feel ignored and robbed. 

What is the purpose of this unreasonable fee for making transactions over the phone?
1st.
This is now between 8 - 10 hours of my own personal time.


They mailed a letter " NOTICE OF INTENT TO FILE SUIT AND INCUR COURT COSTS '' on XX/XX/XXXX to a place I did not live.
Thank you for your time. 

It was our understanding that the mortgage loan was supposed to be marked in bankruptcy on our credit report.
I'm not sure if my complaint has anything to do with the before mentioned sanctions, but it is clear that my account needs some attention. 


It appears on my XXXX  and XXXX  Report.
The phrase was used by XXXX XXXX in his " Report on the Establishment of the Mint '' ( 1791 ).
I wonder how the USAA CEO might react to his lawyers defense that USAA acted appropriately in this matter because they have a right to do it.
( f ) Access to blocked information by law enforcement agencies.
The debt was once removed and now its appearing back on my credit.
I have sent this letter via registered mail for purposes of formal escalation in the appropriate courts of law should the need arise. 

We apologize for the extended wait time.
you I did n't get a notice for this one either.
Although some may disagree, the constitutional authority of the Federal Government to issue circulating notes was upheld by the Supreme Court in the case of Juilliard v. Greenman, 110 U.S. 421 ( 1884 ).
Originally I have XXXX accounts on my credit from this company.
4.What did it cost your company to obtain the documents needed to complete your investigation?


The Fair Credit Reporting Act requires that you, the credit-reporting agency report accurate and/or correct account information within my credit file.
You are required under the FCRA to have a copies of the original creditors documentation on file to verify that this information is 100 % true, accurate & correct.
The penalties tacked onto the original amount owed are feverishly high. 


IN XX/XX/XXXX I bought an ATV, was offered Zero %
Account TypeAuto Lease Balance- Date OpenedXXXX Dispute
They are extrmely rude and I will not take their calls and for that reason I believe they continue to report me late to the bureaus to get me to call them.
They must stop monthly reporting and updating the status fields status updated on and balance updated every month.
The law is very clear as to the Civil liability and the remedy available to me Consumer Protection afforded by the FDCPA if you fail to comply with Federal Law.
Also CAPIO PARTNERS LLC.
I'm at wits end with this card and feel so taken advantage of by this organization and at the way the card was promoted on the XXXX XXXX flight we were on.
This was fraudulent and only working in their favor and I did n't even know timely, how loan XXXX modification looked.
Credit reporting laws ensure that bureaus report only 100 % accurate credit information.
I have disputed this information ( specifically with XXXX ) and the company claims the information is accurate.
My complaint against XXXX is that my XXXX Mortgage account has been totally deleted showing no record of me paying on a mortgage at all.
XXXX {$24000.00}.
Because I have n't made enough payments on our Mortgage we do n't qualify for assistance. 


SWOME ONE BREAK IN XXXX HOUSE I DID REPORT POLICE EVERYTHING IS XXXX XXXX XXXX AND COMPUTER AND CHECKING STOLE.
and I have I have only XXXX options that they approved me for.
I opened a checking and saving account in order to deposit my retirement check.
Promotion for {$250.00} statement credit if applied for XXXX XXXX credit card. 


A total of {$250.00} for the hardship payment plan.
This was especially problematic for my small business accounts.


The report claims I have too many credit accounts with balances.
Thank you so much!
I explained my machine was a lemon and I wanted a new computer or a refund and they completely refused.
2nd
I also reached out the my local police department and the FTC.
FIRST AMENDED COMPLAINTIntroduction The Consumer Financial Protection Bureau brings this action againstDefendants XXXX, XXXX, XXXX XXXX, XXXX, Delbert Services Corporation, and XXXX 
XXXX XXXX under the Consumer Financial Protection Act of 2010 ( CFPA ) ,12 U.S.C. 5531 ( a ), 5536 ( a ), 5564 ( a ).
XXXX, AND TRANSUNION AND XXXX IS HOLDING ME BACK FROM BUYING.
And have them sanction
15 U.S.C. 1681s-2 ( A ) ( 1 )
These costs were all paid for using two different Chase Bank VISA cards that I still have.
I received a letter dating XX/XX/XXXX.
Upon recent of my letter, a Fortiva representative spoke with me regarding my concerns.
I thought I had to use her ss # because she purchased the card.
The Lender disallowed, IN ERROR, a partial release that would have ultimately satisfied the entire mortgage.
Account Name : XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX 15 U.S.C 1681 section 602 A. States I have the right to privacy.


XXXX Contact Address XXXX XXXX XXXX, XXXX, FL XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX Sold-to - Original Amount {$71.00} Comments XXXX XXXX XXXX L Account Number XXXX Account Type Collection Terms 1 Month Date Opened XXXX/XXXX/XXXX Account Status Closed Payment Status Late Payment Status Details Seriously past due date / assigned to attorney, collection agency, or credit grantor 's internal collection department Status Updated XXXX/XXXX/XXXX Balance {$2000.00} Balance Updated - Credit Limit - Past Due Amount {$2000.00} High Balance - Monthly Payment - Balloon Payment - Contact Phone ( XXXX )
The total modification would be over $ 2200 monthly.
Had the initial representive that I spoke with took the time to explain the process to me I would have never fell behind and I would have paid this bill and not paid another bill that would have not left me in this hole.
I had saved {$11000.00} to someday use to purchase a house.
XXXX XXXX XXXXXXXX  Account number XXXX Date last active and date last reported is different and I ask for it to be removed due to its inaccuracy. 

And I need this collection to be dismissed I was speaking to the manager on top of all of this!
The results of Carringtons mistake has now left mea XXXX XXXX XXXX, with a family of XXXX without a home to live inin a friends house and unable to be approved of a VA loan in order to purchase a home.
I ended up opening an account with the bank I work with now and waited for some type of collection activity to take place so I could dispute it, which never happened.
He asked his manager and then said " that happens, the wrong address on the account, be we don't know why, just login and update it. ''
XXXXXXXX XXXX } This is an unauthorized inquiry submitted on XX/XX/2022.
On XX/XX/2022 I sent a letter regarding an accurate and unknown things on my credit report to this day over 45 days later I have not received a response yet.
I have always paid them at time of visit and have no problem making my payments to them.
so i can transfer the rest of MY money to my other bank. 

It offers very little to no advantage to stretch payments out weekly.
XXXX XXXX XXXX  credit card is reporting to XXXX and Transunion that this account is still open.
Duty to Provide Notice of Delinquency of Accounts ( A ) In general.
This is important to me as I am rebuilding my credit and having an open, current car payment loan is good for me and hopefully my next car loan wo n't be at 12 % interest when current interest rates are 3-4 %.
I am a victim of Identity theft, and I did not make or authorize this charge.
By law a person must have written permission from the consumer to furnish private information. 


Billing Error notice should have also triggered a direct dispute under XXXX XXXX XXXX 9.
I did not neglect to pay.
I did not consent to the hard inquiry.
I send what they ask to prove my identify and they say it's not enough or to send it in again.
and I want it resolved before I resume payment on this debt.
Again this has been going on since XX/XX/XXXX and as of today there is still no refund.
The name of the company is called XXXX XXXX, their phone number is XXXX.
The company directly responsible for all the illegality which took place is law firm XXXX from New Jersey.
I believe having a higher APR than the maximum % possible listed in the Terms & Conditions is a violation of the Credit Card Accountability Responsibility and Disclosure Act of 2009 ( 15 U.S.C. 1601 ) and the Truth in Lending Act ( 15 U.S.C. 1637 ). 


All incorrect, proven incorrect yet Equifax has and continues to report incorrect information that has not only lowered my credit score, increased my debt to income ratio and directly impacted my credit worthiness and ability to obtain credit.
As a result of the filing it halted all proceedings from debt collectors, attorneys etc.
Our concern was that we would still be under water if the XXXX remained on the property.
In the mean time, I have a payment due in this larger amount and am waiting to pay until they get this straight.
Attachments )
In XXXX, I was the victim of identity fraud, I called XXXX immediately.
I keep getting calls at work from a third party collection company called performance collection.
XXXX recently stole my vehicle as an attempt coerce me into paying an alleged debt that does belong to me nor do I owe.
XXXX XXXX Balance : {$12000.00} ;
If I could please get anyone to help me re-activate my Venmo account I would be very grateful.
XXXX XXXX XXXXXXXX Balance : {$1800.00} XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX Balance XXXX {$15000.00} XXXX XXXX ( Original Creditor : XXXX XXXXXXXX XXXX )
I do not know the the exact time the accounts or the properties where XXXX delivered service fraudulently.
WHICH I DID.
We explained that the account cant be still open, if we don't have the car.
I was never contacted.
They have a big name tat I expected better from, but so far I have received 1 star treatment, 1 star service and 1 star competence.
I was never notified of this debt, per 15 USC 1692 I was to be notified within 5 days.
i have not received any form of communication with the credit reporting agency equifax thus they took longer than XXXX which in fact is a VIOLATION OF FCRA.
In which, the Complainants Equifax credit file XXXX Score had decreased by ways of XXXX ( XXXX ) points from XXXX XXXX and XXXX ( XXXX ) points dated on XX/XX/XXXX, to XXXX XXXX and XXXX ( XXXX ) points dated on XX/XX/XXXX, in less than twenty-one ( 21 ) days without Equifax adding any new revolving, mortgage, or installment debts accounts, as a legitimate reason for the Complainants Equifax credit file XXXX Score to had decreased by way of seventy-eight ( 78 ) points.
15 U.S.C 1681 section 602 A. States I have the right to privacy.


An unauthorized charge appeared on our citi charge card in the amount of {$1100.00} on XX/XX/18.
I would like for someone to tell these people to please stop.
Thank you.
According to the FCRA that isn't my job but the credit bureaus and if they can't be verified they must be deleted.
*
XXXX XXXX sent the following messages at XXXX XXXX  XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX ( XXXX ) XXXX PM
I Have 3 Hard Inquiries in my XXXX Credit Report XX/XX/XXXX - XX/XX/XXXX- XX/XX/XXXX this has to be removed it 's affecting my credit report.
The lender has not provided any written explanation as to why they denied the claim or if they indeed performed an investigation.
Please send an updated copy of my credit report to the above address.
XXXX XXXX XXXX completed all the paperwork and send a check to NMAC for {$6200.00}. 


I attempted to rectify this situation, as my tenant and the XXXX Housing Authority failed to make timely or payments at all in some instances but my only resolve has been the receipt of an {$1100.00} settlement check from a national Class action lawsuit, naming XXXX at fault for the wrongful/Illegal foreclosure. 


XXXX XXXX XXXX  Account status
Closed
Age of Account
5 months 6 days
Late payments
0

Inquiries (200)

Hard Inquiries (19)


It also states my status as current and paid as agreed.
The collection Agency AD ASTRA RECOVERY SERVICE XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX  XXXX XXXX XXXX, KS XXXX has not provided me with the proper validation according to 15 usc 1692g.
XXXX XXXX failed to disclose that by applying for a line of credit with them they can pull other credit reporting agencies without disclosing a list of possible credit reporting agencies they will use.
Today on XX/XX/2020 after them calling me again requesting payment and saying I was in default, I am mailing them my most recent bank statement by regular mail.
The " YOUR STATEMENT '' section belongs to me, the consumer, and I have never requested, authorized, or provided the creditor ( XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX ) or the credit reporting agency ( Equifax ) to add any statement.
Firstly, XXXX , XXXX is NOT a " credit grantor ''.
Assign.
Experian, XXXX, and XXXX are reporting a balance that have been paid and I do not owe.
I say under dispute because I received a forbearance or deferment during those times, my income never went up, and thus should've been in forebearance or deferment.
Therefore, why can i not pay for them individually?
she said it will take XXXX business day for the new account to be connected to my online banking system.
I filed a chapter XXXX bankruptcy petition on XX/XX/XXXX and Suntrust Bank was not listed on my Schedule F or Creditors Matrix.
They then opened there own investigation and determined this account was NOT my account and in fact A fraud account.
I need the bureaus to update this as soon as possible.
I called XXXX XXXX XXXX, whom I mistakenly paid {$500.00}.
4. Synchrony was informed of these issues in XXXX. 

Please do not mail me anything else saying I need ID docs I have Been dealing with unauthorized use of my personal information.
XXXX XXXX {$1900.00} Closed Unverified. 

To : Consumer Finance WWW.
Thanks XXXX XXXX XXXX. 


( FCRA Section 611 Part ( A ) ( 1 )
XXXX representatives state, A notice was sent to you the same day the bank notified XXXX that the payment was rejected.
THIS IS SENT BY THE CONSUMER XXXX XXXX.
I paid $ XXXX on Loan A after it was closed thinking I was paying loan B, which is the only loan with a balance.
I specifically asked if I was safe to use the funds without fear that the echeck would be rejected by the issuing bank.
Again, printed on the statement.
I then proceeded to my person bank when my checking account is held to consolidate this loan with my medical credit card ( XXXX XXXX )
I called XXXX, and left a message on his voicemail advising him of such, and for him to call me back to clarify what's going on, and what I need to do. 

In XXXX I finally received the loan modification from Caliber.
However, such information shall not include specific factual information on a consumers credit record obtained directly from a creditor of the consumer or from a consumer reporting agency when such information was obtained directly from a creditor of the consumer or from the consumer.
If all of these requirements are not in order, then I have the legal right to request the deletion of this tradeline accordingly. 


The original loan was joint credit with my wide, and XXXX reports her delinquent too.
Now, I confirmed that this debt was associate with a home in XXXX GA.
Please email me XXXX XXXX
I would like your organization to investigate this and enforce Bank of America to not hold Customer funds and gain interest on them for any time period longer than required to properly clear the check deposit.
I do not wish to contract with XXXX XXXX XXXX, XXXX ( XXXX ) for any reasons.
To avoid paying interest, I paid my Citi bill in total ( including the fraudulent charges ).
My point of this is I was ripped off by this company I know for fact that I only owed XXXX and they jacked the payment up to get extra money out of me.
On XX/XX/XXXX I called the office back and spoke to XXXX XXXX who said that my account representative had just walked in and she then placed me on hold.
The Company called me on XX/XX/XXXX after saying they received a debt from an old credit card.
TransUnion has low and unfair credit number for me in their report.
XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX {$7700.00}
Moreover, he maintains he returned both keys associated with the vehicle.
XXXX would put the paperwork for approval.
Cases XXXX / XXXX XXXX Here are some of the issues that appear unaddressed by the courts :
i have credit card applications from XXXX, XXXXXXXX XXXX, and Discover card and not sure how many more on my credit report that are not mine
Complaint to Transunion Consumer Solutions XXXX
My social security number never changes, so why is there an expiration on how long they have to help us out of their mess? 

After several calls to their customer service, they ultimately reversed the principal-only payment, acknowledging the incorrect process, but will not reverse the derogatory credit reporting caused by their error.
I called XX/XX/XXXX.
Not available Type Charge Card
Again, the account I am disputing do not relate to any transactions obtaining any possession of goods, services or money that I have made or authorized.
I called the agency to ask to have this removed as I was not properly given the information regarding the debt and was denied.
15 U.S.C 1681 Section 604
To review what constitutes legal validation, the following is a list of the required documentation : Complete payment history, the requirement of which has been established by XXXX v XXXX, XXXX XXXX XXXX ; XXXX XXXXXXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX.
I proceeded to correct my error and made a full payment. 


I have done many attempts to reach out to 3 Credit Bureaus but they failed to give me any results or feedbacks about this concern, and I requested a complete payment history of these accounts for me to review the exact date on which the collections were posted.
What is the " money of account '' of the 'United States ?

Prior to 1982, the United States Code contained a provision stating that the " money of account '' of the United States shall be expressed in dollars, dimes, cents and mills.
I was told my balance was {$110.00}.
SEND ME MY FORM 1099-C that you should have sent to me when you filed the account as canceled debt.


I AM VERY UPSET the credit bureaus have not responded back to me about my investigation.
Please explain to me what your representatives uncovered to lead them to believe that you are reporting this item as it legally should be reported?
They said that there were new charges in XXXX and I asked how they could allow charges to continually be made on an account that has been closed.
also late payment is still being reported after the account as been closed.
The dispute items do not belong to me.
I still have the vehicle and I am trying to sell it to a dealership but they need a 10 day payoff letter.
traded Vehicle in on XX/XX/XXXX with full pay off with trade in for New Vehicle.
Institution Information Vw Credit XXXX, IL XXXX ( XXXX ) XXXX Hard enquiry from Unknown resources on XXXX  1.
At no point did we agree to opening a credit card or fill out an application. 

I have very low credit utilization.
The Agent  XXXX XXXX states that the account has been cancelled and our thousands of rewards points have been lost.
Now after repeated letters to US Bank and many phone calls requesting the Bank properly notify Credit Agencies no such action has happened.
I request another SPOC because XXXX XXXX is so busy with his more than 300 files.
I RECEIVED SEVERAL COLLECTION LETTERS REGARDING CREDIT CARDS THAT WERE OPEN IN MY NAME AND NOW THERE ARE BALANCES DUE.
I have filed a complaint against XXXX to which they replied in a complete wrong.
XXXX
I am not responsible for these financial obligations, XXXX XXXX XXXX is, United Revenue should not be able to hold me accountable and issue punitive sanctions through inflating my credit report, especially after XXXX accepted responsibility to them.
The answer was, " We will conduct a verification of employment within 10 days of your closing date. ''
I have maintained careful records of your company actions, and you WILL BE required to appear at Superior Court of California , XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XX/XX/XXXX XX/XX/XXXX California XX/XX/XXXX if the said information is not removed from my consumer report IMMEDIATELY.
Please shut down barclay card and fine them.
In XXXX we received our conditional loan approval notification from Flagstar, along with a new loan processor XXXX XXXX.
The balance must be reported as {$0.00}.
I had called later in the month to make sure that all documents were received.
For purposes of this subsection, if a consumer reporting agency rescinds a block, the presence of information in the file of a consumer prior to the blocking of such information is not evidence of whether the consumer knew or should have known that the consumer obtained possession of any goods, services, or money as a result of the block.
The credit reporting agency counts this as a MISSED PAYMENT and it is absolutely killing my credit score.
When I received the updated report in the mail it had this account came back as " Verified ''.
This conversation was recorded by TD Bank, as well as myself.
I have never applied for student loans.
The account balance should be {$0.00}.
i know they can not send proof of these payments being late because i have never paid them late.
As the original creditor, only I can validate the debt therefore Im requesting removal and this account violates my consumer rights in several ways.
I just got off the phone with them, and I asked them when the last time I made a payment was.
PayPal want me to pay this. 


Also I had an account with  XXXX  last year, there was some accounting errors last year but the  XXXX  said it was because of moving billing companies.
As such, my credit worthiness has been negatively impacted by the erroneous reporting of this account.
You will make no mention of this agreement to outside third parties. 


I don't know anything about this account.
He said he had and that is all the info I got. 

i made my point very clear that i was having financial issues and all they did was make my payment go higher.
It wasnt until I received a text from XXXX that claimed that the XXXX gift cards didnt work.. and she asking me to go to a different store, that I realized shes trying to empty out my bank.
The funds are still in the accounts and I can not get access to my own money.
How can Chase double dip on this debt? 

I just had a kid and now me and my lovely wife are trying too get a house for our little one to grow up in but this is just absolutely holding me all the way back.
I have a long-standing brokerage relationship with XXXX XXXX.
Under the federal discrimination laws, if we ask, they have to tell us why they are demanding closing our account as of XXXX/XXXX/16.
My interest has driven the cost of my loans UP {$3000.00} this year ALONE! 


As requested, no proof of investigation was provided.
We cancelled it immediately and requested a refund for the services we never received or even approved.
I have requested the investigation to be initiated and also verifiable proof to be submitted should the account claim to be mine.
n accordance with the Fair Credit Reporting act XXXX XXXX XXXX # XXXX ; XXXX XXXX XXXX # XXXX ; XXXX XXXX XXXX # XXXX ; XXXX # XXXX, has violated my rights. 


I reached out to the company and they said that they saw the payment try to come out of the bank but it was rejected.
This has been deemed security fraud based on the security exchange act of 1934.
I went back to the XXXX office one during the 72 hours and went on line with XXXX for them to start an account and both times they were told there was a freeze.
I don't recognize this accounts and inquiries.
While they keep reciting you'll never be held responsible for paying for a charge you did not make they will not permanently credit me or show me signed proof that I ordered some ridiculous XXXX hear whatever that is!
and then was put on hold.
XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX ACCOUNT
So start paying up now.
I spoke with another Navient employee who told me I should have been approved and to do the same process again ( fill out the form online and send it in ) and it would go through properly this time.
Credit inquiries are the most common ways a bad actor, hacker, impersonator, or other entity uses to gain inappropriate, illegal, unlawful, unauthorized, and credit without resent.
Very Urgent Matters! 

The operator instead came back after 43 minutes stated that supervisor was still not available and that a supervisor will call me and as of XXXX XXXX I received no call back.
Kind Regards, XXXX XXXX
My loan number is  XXXX  with Bayview
I talked with a XXXX rep and got nowhere except to contact this agency.
I haven't been able to access their online portal for more than a 1.5 yrs now.
XXXX XXXX will further pursue all my legal remedies without further notice to XXXX, XXXX, and XXXX.
Per my request she failed to provide me with a copy of viable evidence, showing that the account is being reported accurately. 

Yet, the letter only counts 8 payments made toward the PSLF program. 


A )
I also never received a debt validation request letter from XXXX XXXX ( c/o Resurgent Capital ) and am disputing the validity of this debt. 

XXXX XXXX.
I am maintaining a careful record of my communications with you for the purpose of filing a complaint with the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau and the Attorney General 's office, should you continue in your non-compliance of federal laws under the Fair Debt Collection Practices Act, the Fair Credit Reporting Act, and the corresponding local state laws.
She said it was some competition they had related to the loans and sales.
So due to that happening XXXX I can not make online payments anymore b/c they wo n't allow me too.
I also have been calling this financial institution and advising them that I never gave my consent to be added to this account and have requested that I be removed and provided with any proof of my relationship to this account.
Students and their families can find help on how to tackle their student debt through the CFPBs Paying for College suite of tools.
this company has a XXXX bill they put on my credit report and they refuse to communicate with me about this debt.
This includes any listing of any information to a credit-reporting repository that could be inaccurate or invalidated. 

When I called in, I was told that I had to prove it was me who applied by providing a copy of my original social security card.
A DISPUTE WITH A CREDDIT REPORTING AGENCY, THE ACCOUNT
I do not take kindly to games nor does my attorney.
yes I do qualify after that she called the back office in the told me
WITH NO WRITTEN CONSENT OR INSTRUCTIONS THAT WOULD IN FACT BE IDENTITY THEFT SECTION 605 B 15 U.S CODE 1681C
I have previously spoken to XXXX XXXX XXXX, Human Resource Officer of XXXX ( XXXX ) who indicated that she was totally familiar with my complaint and that the employee involved was immediately fired the moment the fraudulent activity was brought to her attention.
I am still experiencing a hardship it has been hard for me since this happened.
Investigations have been continuously, with previous verdicts not in my favor from Transunion, XXXX  and XXXX, However, XXXX  ( which is the Bureau that previously leaked millions on Consumers information and was the sole target of one of the largest data breaches in history ), has not complied and WILL NOT comply with this request.
Date opened XX/XX/XXXX.
My name is XXXX XXXX XXXX and I had been laid off work and was also out for XXXX for XXXX days without pay.
Im submitting a complaint to you today to inform you I was the victim of identity theft.
TRANSUNION ACCOUNT NAME : XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX : {$1900.00} DATE OPENED : XX/XX/XXXX ACCOUNT NAME :
I 've had those accounts for several years and kept a loyal relationship with BOA and slowly worked my way up.
I have also contacted the Federal Trade Commission on this matter reference number: XXXX 
I am also contacting a Lawyer to see if I can start a class action law suite!
Under 15 U.S. Code 1692f.
I called their customer support and waited an absurd amount of time to only be told by an agent that they could clearly see it was a mistake, but all they could do is make a note in my file to process the form correctly.
the company named, Oliver adjustment company is claiming i owe them {$520.00}, FOR A MEDICAL BILL, i have never did business with this company or owe them anything, i sent them letters on XXXX XXXX, and also on XXXX, i demanded that the validation i request be in the form of a verified statement by a person with original knowledge of the debt, who can testify that the debt was incurred legally, i am requesting competent evidence that i had some contractual obligation in relation to this bill.i sent them letters by certified mail on both days and so far received no response, this debt shows on my XXXX credit report as a collection, im requesting this be removed from my credit report.
Their email is XXXXXXXXXXXX, XXXXRadius Global Solutions, XXXX XXXX XXXX.
As the original creditor, only I can validate this debt.
THEY REALLY SHOULD BE FINED AND ABSORB THE COSTS. 

You must update this account and delete the inaccurate information immediately. 




I was never given a memorandum title
I need this fixed and refunded.
I found this an entry on my consumer credit report from ARS.
My phone conversations with Capital One occurred in XXXX and XX/XX/XXXX.
My loans increased by a few thousand dollars.
At time of hardship modification, the 30 year FIXED APR at 3.75 % increased to 4 % with FHA hardship ( All FHA guideline and regulatory requirements states interest rates will not change with a modification unless the are decreased and can be dropped as low as 2 %, never had I found where and FHA loan modification interest rate can be INCREASED.
I want to know who the original creditor is.
Flagstar agreed to reverse the late fees due to their error in placing a stop payment on funds they withheld from me from my insurance company to cover costs of major water damage.
A modification was mailed to my home.
My name is XXXX XXXX XXXX and I am sending this complaint to address the inaccuracies on my credit report provided by Experian.
0.07 %
Portfolio Recovery Associates calls my phone from different numbers every single day.
I ordered my {$1.00} credit report.
This offer/checked box on the online form showed no direct information of being applicable to have a fee, nor did the brochure spell out a fee involved.
Checking my credit report today and I noticed some accounts open that Im not aware of as you know posting anything on my report without my consent is again the Fair Credit Reporting Act and it should be removed immediately I have a Ftc report attached for more details.
When using the annual credit report website, you are required to submit a U.S. address and phone number.
4. XXXX XXXX with ACCT # XXXX opened on XX/XX/XXXX with a credit limit of {$4000.00} -This is not my account. 


Without giving me a term to extract my money from them. 


then they dont update credit results and consumer pays month after month with no change and certainly no help.. they refuse and I literally mean refuse to correct XXXX information..
On XX/XX/XXXX I went online to make a payment and the system would not permit me to.
In accordance with Fair Credit Reporting Act XXXX XXXX  ( # XXXX ) {$1200.00}, XXXX XXXX ( # XXXX ) {$550.00}, XXXX ( # XXXX ) {$320.00}, XXXX  ( # XXXX ) {$560.00}, XXXX XXXX XXXX ( # XXXX ) {$470.00}, XXXX XXXX XXXX ( # 1993 ) {$8700.00} has violated my rights 15 USC 1681 Section 602 ( A ) states I have the right to privacy.
That means TransUnion has NOT complied with the Fair Credit Reporting Act law and continued to report inaccurate information on my credit report.
She put her manager on the phone and the manager said because the promotion is only for new customer and i am a existing customer therefore i am not qualified for the promotion.
I am trying to responsibly restore my credit rating and it irritates me that Transunion is causing me financial harm by reporting incorrect information and I need some assistance.
Each agency has issued substantially similiar rules implementing GLB 's privacy provisions.
The company is a violation of the following United States Code :
However, being concerned that this unauthorized fee grab may have caused me not to be eligible for the promotion anymore ( ie.
Have reports from credit monitoring on all bureaus but still not reporting to credit reports.
With such inaccurate and arbitrary reporting of important information such as the DOFD to the credit bureaus, theoretically, how is any consumer supposed to clearly set the exclusion date for a collection?
I asked them to close my account and I asked them to check if I was going to be able to keep the promotion.
To date I've received nothing from XXXX.
I have tried to send my disputes to the major credit bureaus but are having difficulties in submitting my disputes and getting the inaccurate information corrected on my credit report.
Reportedly, this matter should be resolved within 48 hours and I should receive response ''.
I talked to XXXX XXXX at ext.
XXXX   AND VIOLATIONS OF BANRUPTCY DISCHARGE ; VIOLATIONS OF ATTEMPTS TO COLLECT DEBT PRIOR TO FORECLOSURE ACTION ALSO ; AND ATTEMPT IN BAD FAITH IN VIOLATION TO SEEK DAMAGES IN EXCESS TO THAT PERMITTED BY LAW
I kept checking my credit report and it has not been updated since XX/XX/XXXX.
The provisions of this section do not apply to a check services company, acting as such, which issues authorizations for the purpose of approving or processing negotiable instruments, electronic fund transfers, or similar methods of payments, except that, beginning 4 business days after receipt of information described in paragraphs ( 1 ) through ( 3 ) of subsection ( a ) of this section, a check services company shall not report to a national consumer reporting agency described in section 1681a ( p ) of this title, any information identified in the subject identity theft report as resulting from identity theft.
I mailed a letter to the credit bureaus on XX/XX/2021 asking them to validate suspicious accounts i noticed on my credit report due to my identity being compromised.



I then received an email at XXXX a.m. in the morning on the XXXX of XXXX saying my funds will not be released until the XXXX of XXXX due to a hold put on the check.
..
Collectors must take you to court first and win before they can take these kinds of actions if they are legal in the first place.
No. XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX, XXXX XXXX XXXX.
Ive called twice since to let them know it happened and they both times have said oh no that stinks visa does that sometimes.
My account was put on a disaster relief forbearance that same day.
It has been over 60 days so they should be deleted promptly.
The company has also violated these laws.

- 15 usc 1692b ( 2 ).
XXXX.
The above paragraph is taken directly from the IRS publication. 


It has been more than 14 days and no responds
Fay Servicing XXXX XXXX XXXX, XXXX, NY XXXX
Also how they asked me to move when my Online Rental application on XX/XX/XXXX still is incomplete ( see attachment email # 5. 



I need help correcting this error, because PennyMac refuses to fix it, and I'm just one person against a multi-millions dollar company.
It has been well over 45 days since I sent in the letters and I feel like I am being taken advantage of.
The BOA has tried to contact the person who received the fund, but got no response.
and I 'm filling this complaint in hopes of this being removed from my credit report being that I have continued effortlessly to pursue removal form my credit report within my rights under the FCRA as a consumer and I still have not gotten a valid response nor any documentation and I 'm hoping for that by me filing a complaint with the CFPB that a resolution of removal of this account can be granted due to the fact that I 've sent 3 letters without any resolution.
When you find no signed agreement bearing my signature I need you to remove these accounts from my file.


-They make open access information for my land load.
He said that if paid in full I could call back with the confirmation numbers as soon as it was paid, and that they would update their file with the Credit Reporting Agencies by the end of the month, but that they could take longer to update it on their side, but that it would no longer say " charge off '' but only " paid in full ''. 


I contacted the store atm owner to see if they were contacted for investigating the stolen card use and they said no- direct express owes me XXXX $ - the president of comerica bank and all other creditors said for no reason will the second stimilus be garnished for any reason- but direct express not only took XXXX $ of my ungarnishable XXXX stimilus check they did not reach out at all to investigate my stolen card transactions-
We tried, and Nelnet refused to investigate the issue or it appears even to read our concerns and sent an auto generated message signed as if a human read and responded when they did not.
I have attached bills that have been late along with letters of late notices.
Reference # XXXX. 

and I submitted my disputes for the payments that were unauthorized.
On XX/XX/XXXX, Quicken made an unanticipated disbursement of {$1700.00} to my insurance company.
Reporting without valid proper disclosure requirements are in direct violation of my consumer rights.
1.
These collections on my credit report are causing me severe problems in trying to purchase a home and the damage could lead into the $ XXXX.
I find this very unfair and abusive.
6 phone calls from XXXX to XXXX XXXX including XXXX conversations was uncalled for and harassment, especially when I have an appointment already accepted by them.
I made 4 transactions total on my NavyFCU credit card within the past 2 months, only 2 of which were not subject to a 0 % promotional APR.
No more time will be allowed to correct this.
I applied for a Sallie Mae Accelerate card in XXXX, XXXX and was approved immediately.
PLEASE NOTE THAT THERE ARE MANY SECTIONS TO THE CARES ACT STATING VARIOUS AREAS THAT ARE PROTECTED INCLUDING AMENDMENT TO FAIR CREDIT REPORTING ACT AND MORTGAGE FOREBANCE WHICH ARE TOTALLY SEPARATE UNDER THE CARES ACT. 


Over the last 9 months I have been arguing and deputing with XXXX XXXX who are convinced I now owe them {$250.00} including late fees and finance fees.
i want all of my full refunds refunded to my account.
I am submitting this complaint in response to the current evaluation presented by the Credit Bureaus.
XXXX ( CS time )
I no longer want to be a customer of Bank of America.
and They suggested i cash in the check While they cancel it.
This is a direct violation of the Fair Credit Reporting Act.
Never late. 

As of now, the bank is not cooperating to contact the person who has the money.
It is not permissible to fail to validate these reporting accounts as unverified information without providing any proof within the time frame specified by law.
15 U.S.C 1681 Section 604
The transfer letter that I received from Nationstar stated that XXXX would forward the payment to Nationstar ( XXXX # XXXX / my Nationstar mortgage # XXXX ).
My mortgage payment was reverse to Bank of America bank account.
Based on Citibanks imprudent and irresponsible conclusion, I do not feel that I am protected under the Fair Credit Billing Act from unfair credit billing practices.
There was a XXXX dollar balance but whomever applied has all my info.
Per the contract I and XXXX signed, the loan was to be discharged due to the school closing and the owners of the school accepting me as a student while knowing they were going to close the school.
This has caused me financial injury, defamation of character, I can't get approved for my mortgage or apply for credit/loans.
My information was impacted by the Equifax data breach and may have got into the wrong persons hands.
Every time I get a quote it either comes back to high or I am ineligible.
Washington, D.C.
Ocwen was found to have lied on several counts ( between XXXX and XXXX ) - e.g., 1 ) falsely stating that they forwarded solutions to my request and 2 ) falsely stating that they responded to my communications by calling me on my cell phone, when they, in fact, never did ( *when a call to a cell phone is made in 21st century, there are only a handful of possibilities : ( 1 ) the call is missed, ( 2 ) a voicemail is left for by the caller, or ( 3 ) the network is busy and there is the option to call again later ; but according to my service provider, there is no record of any of these taking place ; and nevertheless,  XXXX XXXX ( supervisor ) should have attempted to call me back if there was problem with the network ), ( Ocwen apparently has a science and a culture to misdirect and frustrate to homeowners through certain departments - i.e., Research Department , Consumers Advocate Department , HRD Mediation Team , Consumer 's Ombudsman Office ).

On XXXX XXXX, I sent {$500.00} to XXXX XXXX XXXX by XXXX at email XXXX XXXX XXXX, for 1/2 of deposit for renting a house in XXXX.
n i made this clear for 60 days straight with XXXX i spoke to a representative agent name XXXX and XXXX and XXXX from the fraud department I prefer to speak to a us rept but they refused they had me on mute for 4 hours which was hurtful I have a perfect repayment record.
This is a blatant violation of the Americans With Disabilities Act.
If JPMorgan Chase did not give me the runaround for 5 months, I would have dropped the reconciliation issue of {$1.00}.


I ordered a new vehicle from XXXX XXXX, XXXX, CT.
On that recorded call, Quicken promised to investigate the issue and call me back with RESULTS by Monday, XX/XX/XXXX.
Sometime in   XXXX   Santander froze my account without warning for " suspicious activity ''
I attempted to submit a billing dispute because I was over charged by XXXX XXXX in the amount of XXXX and I was unable to complete online and called there customer care # and person over the phone refused to take my dispute
I changed health plans in XX/XX/XXXXto one that did not have an HSA.
Lastly, and I feel is most important ; on the FHA application, its first question is Are you a first time home buyer?
15 USC 1681-
I was told by XXXX that this discrepancy would be rectified. 

Hide full complaint What product or service is your complaint about? 

They are mailing it to the wrong address and told me I need to correct it.
I waited for the card to arrive and after a month I called because I hadnt received it so they sent another one.
I had never heard of an account being able to report indefinitely but I transferred & consolidated my loans in XXXX of XXXX to another lender which put my balance at zero with XXXX.
And the original creditor would n't take my money.
If you are not willing to provide me with some sort of proof to validate these reportings, I ask kindly that you delete or suppress this credit reporting due to the direct violation of the Fair Credit Reporting Act ( including but not limited to Section 623-a-3 )
Fraudulently Opened on XX/XX/XXXX. 

Here are the details : XXXXXXXX XXXX XXXX  / {$0.00} / XX/XX/2021
I will also pay an additional {$100.00} out of good faith, for a total of {$840.00}.
This is my ANOTHER request that I have been a victim of identity theft and that no one seems to care, that I want to dispute specific records in my credit file that do not belong to me, or that I have signed any agreement.
At this point at the end of XXXX, throughout XXXX and XXXX, they continuously show delinquent on their mortgage payment.
We advised this Representative that there was no one by that name that lives here.
I decided to get my credit pulled due to a bill I received in the mail.
I received a mail saying that they still havent been able to locate my credit file.
I has also hired a consumer law protection lawyer to assist me in this matter.
Being that I work for a law firm, I know the court system and their procedures, but decided to call anyway.
THIS IS VERY WEIRD!
In XXXX of 2003 XXXX transfers, totaling about {$50000.00}, were arranged from a bank in XXXX, to banks in XXXX and XXXX XXXX.
( 15 USC 1692g Sec. 809 ( b ) )
that this was and is identity theft..
THIS GROUND FOR REMOVAL
Date verified says N/A. { a, d, i, j, k, } 3.
I sent everything in to close any ownership I had with this business.
Accordingly ; I may request under my rights under the Fair Credit Reporting Act ( FCRA ), the Fair and Accurate Credit Transactions Act ( FACTA ), and the Fair Debt Collection Practices Act ( FDCPA ) I request a full validation of each posted inquiry, proving that I indeed signed a credit authorization for each inquiry. 


Dear Bridgecrest, I am writing in regards to a closed account of mine that is still showing up on my credit report.
I believe BoA has all the facts they need to approve the claim.
This debt collection agency advised me to get a letter or written documentation from the apartment manager.
Please accept this final written OFFER OF SETTLEMENT BEFORE LITIGATION as my attempt to amicably resolve your continued violation of the Fair Credit Reporting Act regarding your refusal to delete INACCURATE, Unverifiable and Invalidated information from my consumer file.
The notice required under subparagraph ( A ) shall be provided to the customer prior to, or no later than 30 days after, furnishing the negative information to a consumer reporting agency described in section 603 ( p ).


Please refer to the attached documents.
I am afraid these 3 credit reporting agencies have not been exercising the grave responsibilities that were given to them with fairness, impartiality and a respect for the consumers privacy, I did not give consent to these accounts.


Hello, it has come to my knowledge that the information reporting on my credit is noncompliant according to the XXXX XXXX compliance system which all credit bureaus must follow.
( See screenshot of their FAQ, marked with today 's date and time. )
Status Delivered XX/XX/2019 at XXXX XXXX Delivered, XXXX XXXX XXXX, TX XXXX
I am retired collecting Social Security income.
I wrote an email.
Out of the blue ( XX/XX/2019 ) started receiving daily or more frequently automated phone calls with generic voice recording stating that I owe an unspecified amount of money.
And, by the way, HSBC customer service is horrible ... apparently utilizing foreign call service centers and workers with extremely poor English language skills.
The stress is causing a list of symptoms.
Comparing the two documents there are obvious discrepancies.
She submitted the short sale package to Seterus and we got a decline letter without much reason behind it.
WE HAVE TRIED TO REACH OUT THE FC ATTORNEY WITH NO RESPONSE YET. 

XXXX never approved the claim of the credit card company.
but I did not benefit anything such as money, goods or services and I never made any payment towards any of these accounts.
They financed a car that was sold to me deceptively and put me through so much to finally give me arrangements.
XXXX XXXX  XX/XX/XXXX XXXX XXXX XX/XX/XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XX/XX/XXXX XXXX  XX/XX/XXXX
I then proceeded to call chime bank and dispute the unauthorized charge.
Discover sent me a notice saying that they were closing my account in XXXX.
I therefore am submitting my written request to you to conduct an investigation.
This letter may be provided to the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau ( CFPB ).
Please delete this account from my credit report. 


Furthermore I was told by the lender that I signed documentation agreeing to a {$8.00} or more a day interest charge on late payments that will be added to my loan along with a 5 % late fee.
I asked her why the bank did not allow the 7-10 days 'check clearing period ' to see the outcome? "
I have been lied to by their customer service reps as they told me that the first check was lost and a second one was sent out on XX/XX/XXXX.
They just transfer me around and blame it on other people within the company.
I called the number several times several different ways and was not given ANY option to verify that the request was from me.
They need to be reigned in.
I demand these accounts be deleted immediately or I will file for ligation due to stress you caused me.
Our credit score has dropped XXXX points since Nationstar Mortgage started reporting the foreclosure in XXXX XXXX.
XXXX.
Section 623 ( a ) ( 1 ) ( B ).
3.
I immediately called them to get the problem corrected and spoke to a supervisor who acknowledged the error and told me that the transaction would be reversed electronically within XXXX hours.
XXXX Balance : {$120.00} XXXX XXXX XXXX Balance : {$5100.00}
15 U.S. Code 1666 - Correction of billing errors Billing error For the purpose of this section, a billing error consists of any of the following : ( 1 ) A reflection on a statement of an extension of credit which was not made to the obligor or, if made, was not in the amount reflected on such statement.


Payment history on all XXXX agencies XXXX, XXXX, and XXXX do not align.
The request that I submitted included  XXXX  Hard Inquiries that were not factual and I received the same response for ALL inquiries, which was " Inquiries are a factual record of file access.
This is the information I have requested : XXXX  XXXX BANKRUPTCY, Docket  # XXXX Please respond to me in writing and include the method of verification under FCRA 611 ( a ) ( 7 ).
AMEX goes on to state that the merchant has provided them with the copy of a signed charge receipt indicating the account was billed correctly.
They are not only reporting this as an active and open account but they are reporting an amount owed as well.
On XXXX I contacted Synchrony Bank to dispute a transaction for {$620.00} on my Sam 's Club credit card issued by their bank ( See attached ). 


And that they were going to a judgement and garnish My wages.
It seems they are trying to avoid speaking to us so they can start the foreclosure process.
U S DEPT OF EDXXXX ACCT XXXX XXXX & XXXX, XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX ACCT XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX ACCT XXXX XXXX has violated my rights.


Didn't get the return receipt or any response. 

Now Ocwen is once again defaulting my loan alleging that I am two months behind in my mortgage.
( f ) Prohibition on sale or transfer of debt caused by identity theft You have not responded to my request to provide me with an investigation report. 

A person shall not furnish any information relating to a consumer to any consumer reporting agency if the person knows or has reasonable cause to believe that the information is inaccurate.
I am requesting your office hold Capital One accountable for these extra-ordinary inconveniences and require them to permit me access to my online account immediately.
pls SUNDAY XXXX XXXX, EVP sent the following message at XXXX AM View XXXX  profileXXXX  XXXX, XXXX XXXX XXXX, XXXX XXXX AM XXXX, I need details.
I demand these accounts be deleted immediately or I will file for litigation due to the stress you caused me.
( b ) Reports by creditor on delinquent amounts in dispute ; notification of obligor of parties notified of delinquency If a creditor receives a further written notice from an obligor that an amount is still in dispute within the time allowed for payment under subsection ( a ) of this section, a creditor may not report to any third party that the amount of the obligor is delinquent because the obligor has failed to pay an amount which he has indicated under section 1666 ( a ) ( 2 ) of this title, unless the creditor also reports that the amount is in dispute and, at the same time, notifies the obligor of the name and address of each party to whom the creditor is reporting information concerning the delinquency.
I don't understand why I would be denied because my income, rental history.
This is my final attempt of warning.
What else can you do?


Now I am left with late fees and evictions notice.
I was informed by XXXX XXXX after pulling my credit that this was an option contingent on my home appraisal.
They explained that they had a 0 % on purchases promotion on my card ( which was unbeknownst to me, and they never told me when I called previously ). 


I have no outstanding loans, my house is paid in full and I have NO BALANCE DUE on the one credit card I have, although XXXX has me listed as having two credit cards, and have no idea what they're talking about.
This step may take up to 5 business days to be completed. ''
My credit shows the account as being closed as she is the primary holder updated on XX/XX/XXXX on Equifax.
XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX, AL XXXX ( XXXX )
Shortly after that conversation, I called Discover and was on the phone for nearly 2 hours with at least 4 different people.
I've been unnecessarily embarrassed by this oversight on your part or maybe your credit reporter 's part.
A copy of my Identity Theft Report and proof of my identity. 

I paid the trustee, and the trustee then paid creditors.
Their XXXX XXXX filed a claim and then withdrew the claim as it was acknowledged that mortgage is no longer included in my active bankruptcy because once again it has been modified.
You can now earn a one-time {$300.00} cash bonus once you spend {$500.00} on purchases within 3 months from account opening. 

It went way over the {$2500.00} credit limit and we immediately called Home Depot/Citibank to make the disputes.
In total, they have charged me {$200.00} for an order that should have only been {$60.00} ( with 2 return check fees of {$25.00} XXXX.
They had not received notice of the dismissal and told me there was " no account on which to pay. ''
Balance @ {$12000.00}.
( Chapter XXXX XXXX Indiana XXXX XXXX  XXXX filed on XX/XX/2015 under XXXX XXXX XXXX ...
The address, phone numbers, and insurance company for billing for me were all incorrect.
Also they charged me fees to go by my house when I 'm talking to them and telling them that it is occupied I believe that this company is unethical and the FTC should have them investigated. 

Transunion has been not complying with Fair Credit Reporting Act ( FCRA ).
Again, COMPLIANCE of APPROPRIATE COLLECTION PRACTICES and equally COMPLIANCE of APPROPRIATE and COMPLETE REPORTING PRACTICES is MANDATORY, NOT OPTIONAL.
Please help as I need access to this money. 


XXXX XXXX ; XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX, PA XXXX ( SECOND NOTICE OF DISPUTE OF DEBT and REQUEST FOR DEBT VALIDATION ) ABILITY RECOVERY SERVICES , LLC XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX, TX XXXX Dear Sir or Madam :
The payment history is incorrect.
They can not produce written agreement by me allowing them to report any accounts on my credit reports on behalf of this company.
XXXX for {$89.00} x 2 = {$170.00} Budget : refund for rental insurance : {$21.00} Total monies never returned to me by Commerce Bank : {$250.00} XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX
My social security number is XXXX.
All consumer reporting agencies are to have the same information if the accounts are the same.
And while I did not have all of the details associated with the property tax bill, this was my estimate. 

2 ) JPMorgan Chase failed to report the vehicle as being off lease on XX/XX/XXXX ( my end of lease term ) and reported the off lease determination as XX/XX/2020.
I also wonder if this may have been a scam attempt due to the clear violations/threats issued by the representative.
( Equifax failed to exercise consumer privacy, by allowing this unverified account to remain on the consumer credit report, and making unauthorized changes to the consumer credit ). 

I believe their procedures should be reviewed and phone communication does not seem to work.
15 U.S.C 1681 section 602 A. States I have the right to privacy.


On my insurance renewal I found a new insurance company and my premium was {$940.00}.
Missing account information compared to other TransUnion Accounts.
A few days later : I was convinced to bring my cat back to the XXXX  ( the one I adopted in XXXX )
You received my dispute letter on XX/XX/XXXX.
Some creditors may choose to report their data to the other consumer credit reporting agencies, and they may not report it to us.
They have consistently continued to report delinquent information sinceXX/XX/XXXX to the credit bureaus which is negatively impacting my score and I am asking it to be deleted.
On about XX/XX/XXXX, I called to complain that no progress had been made.
And all of these issues are from XXXX credit bureau.
Today after holding 37 minutes the system hung up on me before anyone answered.
This includes Privacy on your website, and within the disclosures given unto me you state numerous times, that my privacy ( paraphrasing ) is Our Duty and your Right.. 


They said 0 % interest for 240 months and then loan forgiveness. 


My information was also impacted by the Equifax, XXXX and XXXX
If someone can please help me investigate this.
2.
I can't reach anyone on the phone or via their online messages, only a closed fraud department.
I only do not want those inquiries last any longer on my credit report
I did not authorize this at all.
The fraud department also mentioned that my checking/bank account was compromised and that I needed to immediately close it and as long as I have an ID card, I can open a new account.
Unfortunately, I received a notice that the dispute was closed and marked as rejected by PHH Mortgage on XXXX.
even the USPS tracking. 


Or visit a Citibank branch, or call XXXX and mention code XXXX.
Portfolio Recovery Associates is reporting a 120 day late payment on a collection account.
Each time I called, I was told it was an error in their own system and that the missed payments would be removed.
This information is inaccurate and you have never sent any information to me indicating that the data Furnisher verified it as valid.
SERVICER FAILED TO NOTIFY ME AT LEAST 30 DAYS in advance to me My payments with WF are automated coming out the XXXXth of every month.
However, as a matter of justice, equity, and transparency, I must complain about the how the credit bureaus act arbitrarily, unfairly, and I suspect in discriminatory ways. 


Finally after a month and a half, I was informed that I was disqualified from the XXXX % interest rate reduction incentive in XX/XX/XXXX. 

This should show PAID as HUD paid those XXXX months for me and I want these remarks removed from my credit reports and especially my sister XXXX XXXX as she was not even living in the home anymore.

15 U.S.C. 1666B :
XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX
In that letter I asked them provide me with competent evidence that I have any legal obligation to pay them and to provide me with the following : 1.
I then complained to Citi and there was much confusion given their disputes operate in XXXX and there is a language barrier.
My last conversation was on Monday, XXXX/XXXX/15, in which the agent advised that they are trying to get a hold of CHFA to see what happened.
I reported it to the police.
I ordered three pair of XXXX Stretch Skinny Pants in sizes 6, 8, and 10, on XX/XX/2018, Order # XXXX, ( my XXXX card was charged on XX/XX/2018 ) and three pair of XXXX  Stretch Skinny Pants, all of them in size 8, on XX/XX/2018, Order # XXXX, ( my XXXX card was charged on XX/XX/2018 ).
After many phone calls with the bank and emailing all the information I have regarding the scam, they asked me to wait 10 business days for the investigation to process.
I continued to follow up and I was told these things take time when claiming XXXX. 

I have the banking statements to back up my claim.
I feel like I am being taken advantage of and being ignored on my disputes.
So when ever I apply for credit or anything that tries to verify my address it comes up as a problem.
The issue is that the holder of the note named by Ocwen as XXXX   XXXX did not receive a " pay off '' after the purported foreclosure and XXXX is not the beneficiary involved in the deed of trust # XXXX XXXX. 

Funds that were not available in my account were sent to another account. 

On XX/XX/XXXX, I called XXXX XXXX directly at ( XXXX ) XXXX, extention XXXX, and spoke with him directly.
My mother does not know how to use a computer.
After this letter, be advised that I intend to pursue litigation for the damages your company has brought to me and my family.
Several late payments appear on my account due to her negligence and becase of this judgement by the court.
I felt that the attempt of collecting more than what appears on the court website as filed is misleading and unfair.
- Opened a personal checking account at Huntington bank on XX/XX/XXXX - Deposited {$2000.00} via personal check of my spouse on XX/XX/XXXX - Deposited another {$2000.00} via personal check of my spouse on XX/XX/XXXX - Account freeze for verification.
As of XXXX XXXX XXXX confirmed receipt via Certified USPS of my Affidavit of Violation for Non-Response, and request for deletion.
IM WILLING TO PRESS CHARGES ON HIM IF HE IS FOUND.
When any : furnisher of information is notified pursuant to the procedures set forth in Section 605B that a debt has resulted from identity theft, the furnisher many not sell, transfer, or place for collection the debt except in certain limited circumstances.
I was out of a job and had no option.
but they keep saying there is a glitch, or an error on file.
Please note that I have already opted out of arbitration and have supporting documents and proof to support all my claims.
Also, it's already past their investigation so everything must be deleted.
I received a Frontier Airlines Mastercard in the mail and a separate letter from Barclays saying that their attempts to reach me by email were unsuccessful.


This time I bothered to answer because I was expecting a call from another business for another reason not debt related, and I dod n't get a live person on the other side.
I have made screenshot 's of all transactions made and completed on for proof and copies of verification requested and provided.
but I objected and stated that the scheduling should be the a.m. and she stated that the installers would be in Mississippi on a job.
I've sent them a certified notorized letter asking for the signed contracts for these accounts and nothing.
I was able to pick up some extra work to help cover rent and then used my entire regular pay check to bring my account to a positive balance with Wells Fargo on XXXX/XXXX/16.
I asked to get a call from a member of management to which was refused numerous times.
No phone number listed on report, to verify the said debt listed on my credit file.
The letter was a form letter giving me the name and contact information for my new Dedicated Loan Specialist.
This was unsatisfactory to me because the store credit card won't issue a new card for up to 1 year after closing the store credit account - which is what happens with the JCP MasterCard authorization I did in error thinking it was just a replacement card for the store credit card.
Continuing to report this misleading information on my consumer report is a violation according to FCRA sec 623
Print out of all phone recording that Chase has regarding all my phone calls with XXXX XXXX who clearly stated my payments were starting in XXXX and now changed according to a letter dated XXXX XXXX, XXXX to XXXX of XXXX which consist principal and interest I have left two messages ( XXXX XXXX, XXXX and XXXX XXXX XXXX ) to XXXX XXXX and two messages to his supervisor XXXX XXXX.
Since Im a stickler for research, I found that under section 605b of the FCRA you are required by law to remove & block any accounts or information which is found to be opened due to identity theft.
I just want to move on.
These can be combined I am very concerned about the items that are being shown on my credit report.
My rights continue to be violated!
Moreover, nothing links these copies reliably together.
We have less than 30 minutes Eastern time to initiate a wire to Mr. Cooper.
I just do n't think they should be able to just decline my transaction with out giving me a reason besides falling outside to the guidelines.
On approximately   XXXX   XXXX    2017  I made the required payment and extra.
Condition 10.
Quality Asset Recovery in the amount of {$1700.00} with a date of XX/XX/XXXX.
I arguing and arguing with them because they told me, I authorize the transactions.
Sometimes they call from the same number, sometimes the number is different.
DURING OUR STAY IN FLORIDA, WE ALSO GOT LOCKED OUT OF OUR ONLINE BANKING ACCOUNT AND ATTEMPTED TO RECEVE HELP LOGGIN IN OVER THE PHONE TO NO AVAIL. 


McCarthy, Burgess & Wolff, self-described as a " Accounts payable firm '' keeps calling and asks for someone by first name.
15 U.S.C 1681 Section 604
NAME ID # XXXX XXXX XXXX NAME ID # XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX ID - # XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX  Direct to Consumer Report has violated my rights.


Equifax was also notified about the fraudulent use of my name in various ways, addresses that I have never lived, and other fraudulent use of my profile in which they furnished without my consent and verified without my consent.
THEY NOW ARE SAYING THAT THEY ARE CHARGING ME XXXX WHEN OFFER RUNS OUT ON XXXX/XXXX/2018
so I have been contacting the AG attorney general office for years. 

I have been battling this inaccurate late payment for awhile now and this haven't been proven whatsoever.
Upon that time, I desire to work out a reasonable settlement with XXXX XXXX XXXX.
Experian is obligated by the FCRA to report accurate consumer information.
I have spoke to numerous supervisors many times who have said they would correct their mistake and remove the two derogatory items on all three credit bureaus.
Please STOP these people ...
There is erroneous information on my credit report which does not belong to me and it is hurting my credit score.
XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX for {$2100.00} dollars has violated my rights. 


This was already included in my prior complaint and I'm including it again. 

I reviewed my credit report and found the following accounts that I did not open reported on my credit file.
O Account Number : XXXX Delete this account immediately as you failed to perform an investigation 3.
They have also presented false and misleading information on my report by reposting the debt with a higher amount after it was removed because they failed to validate the debt.
But never had response, just reissued cards.
This debit card is required used for Social Security recipients. 

Only XXXX was used on the roof, materials were bought for XXXX and talent by XXXX XXXX.
I thought by using XXXX as the USAA app has it on their service that I was offered protections.
Spoke to XXXX on that day and she informed me that my new card was already activated and no action was required ... 

Concerned about the 2015 dates, I researched the company online.
He called fraud and they said that the wire was not stopped in time. 

It appears XXXX XXXX is no longer offering compensation for unauthorized accounts, refuses to offer anything, yet I was referred back to them by XXXX XXXX.
I never established these accounts.
It seems like they pushed this loan in order to gain the gift card.
You have NOT provided me a copy of ANY original documentation, OR COPIES FOR THAT MATTER, as required under Section 609 ( a ) ( 1 ) ( A ) & Section 611 ( a ) ( 1 ) ( A ).
Please produce the contract used to verify this account because I have none with them and the information you have is inaccurate.
And refuses to re-investigate.
In accordance with the Fair Credit Reporting act.
I have notified Select Portfolio of my new address ( or addresses ) pursuant to the Select Portfolio 's requirements for receiving a notice of a change of address.
My personal, private information is being given out by the company and they are threatening me on a daily basis. 

Atlantic Recovery Solutions called me at work on XX/XX/2022.
this never took place and fro that my account went past due I have submitted and goodwill adjustment but nothing ever happen come to find out the lady whom handle my call entered my email wrong
This file is used to keep track of various " infringement '' declarations.
I have a 30 yrs loan with 5 yreas fix then as of XX/XX/XXXX was changing to adjustable rate with rate much higher like 5.5 %.
After providing all requested information to PayPal the first time they removed the hold and allowed normal transactions to continue.
I need these people to go away and stop harassing me! 


1.  
I gave them all the pertinent information.
so I call XXXX and ask why did it not transfer?
I demand these accounts be deleted immediately or i will file for litigation due to the stress you caused me.
I called them today XXXX/XXXX/16 @ XXXX, because we have yet to receive mail with detailed information regarding the collection.
Please let us know if you have any additional questions.
I emailed the XXXX XXXXXXXX at the time of payment and she knew I was approved for rental assistance. 


What XXXX and TransUnion is doing is criminal as it is impacting my college applications and my credit report and scoreXXXX XXXX immediately removed the items once I proved my age with the same documentation provided to XXXX and TransUnion.
XXXX XXXX Finance / Personal Individual XX/XX/XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX Banks Individual XX/XX/XXXX XXXX, XXXX Real Estate and Public Accommodations Individual XX/XX/XXXXXXXX XXXX XXXX WI Automotive Individual XXXX XXXX, XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX   XXXX Banks Individual XXXX XXXX, XXXX XXXX XXXX Automotive Individual XX/XX/XXXX XXXX, XXXX Real Estate and Public Accommodations Individual XX/XX/XXXX XXXX XXXX Automotive Individual XX/XX/XXXX XXXX Finance / Personal Individual XX/XX/XXXX XXXX  Travel / Entertainment Individual XX/XX/XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX Banks Individual XX/XX/XXXX Accounts that I have reached out about that do not belong to me. 



15 USC 1681 Section 602 States I have the right to privacy.


XXXX XXXX cancelled my ticket and had to provide me a full refund.
For   two and half years they did not properly escrow my loan, which created severe deficiency on my loan.
THE BALANCE SHOWS  XXXX  plus Bano of America used a fictitious name 13 times on  XXXX  pages and another 7-8 times on other papers thats  XXXX  counts @  XXXX   XXXX  dollars each for using fictitious names, plus punative and extortion sending me a  XXXX  balance then sending me a letter of threats because they want the false debt paid twice!!??
I've recently been working to get everything cleared up on my credit, I have filed an FTC report, a police report, I submitted numerous documents that have my correct information on it noting where I lived during the time of the fraud, a driver 's license and a copy of my social security card.
How does it take them 14 days to process my payment when my other bills processed in 5 days.
A person shall not furnish any inform : consumer reporting agency if the person knows or has reasonable cause to believe that the information is inaccurate.
After the loan was paid, I received notice from a debt collector attempting to collect the debt.
i explaint to them that this wouldnt help me because it would cause other overdrafts because i had to pay my mortgage and some employees.
I understand this, but I should not be mistreated due to my credit or even income.
For several months I have submitted dispute request via certified mail to Transunion along with all requested identification and proof of identity and address.
I have not neen able to get my merchandise ( which I no longer need because my daughter has now graduated and missed her prom ), nor a refund.
I filled out loan modification papers at least 7 times.
At no point was information or dialogue ever reciprocated to me that that there was a pending foreclosure action scheduled for my property. 

BY LAW YOU HAVE TO ACTUALLY GO TO THE PHYSICAL PLACE AND SHOW WHY YOU HAVE INTEREST AND SHOW YOUR DRIVERS LICENSE.
I have asked that this statement be removed from my account. 


My bankruptcy lawyer tried to resolve this for me and their lawyer told her they would and then failed to do so.
I reviewed my bank statement and found that these establishments were located in the XXXX, XXXX, and New Jersey areas.
My first dispute was in XXXX Dispute number XXXX which they reversed the credit to my card and said they had insufficient evidence.
I feel like something is DEFINITELY not right with that!
To Whom It May Concern : I received a copy of my credit report and found the following item ( s ) below to be errors.


My real estate taxes which are due on XXXX/XXXX/2015 have not been paid.
I recently have experienced financial hardship and enrolled in a Debt Management Program through XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX.
I will upload a letter from Lexisnexis that verifies that the bankrupcy should be deleted as they are a third-party and the courts don't provide any information and Lexisnexis has verified the information is not valid.
I have disputed this and the reporting agency will not remove this from my report.
I believe a similar issue occurred for the payments XXXX claims werent accepted by my bank for the scheduled payment made in XXXX and for the scheduled payment made in XXXX. 

To be clear XXXX XXXX reflects the less than of 1 % of the people that make up PNC her actions today illustrate a deeper set of concerns and issues, that can not be diverted using sensitivity training or coaching. 


Please remove as these are suspicious to me : XXXX CARD
In addition, I have submitted multiple disputes with the credit agencies.
I CAN NOT GET A MORTGAGE LOAN WITH THIS FRAUD ON MY REPORT.
Since this nightmare, I bounced XXXX.
I finally received my payoff and they added XXXX to the payoff for " estimated additional charges through XXXX XXXX County property taxes '' I have an impound account that has XXXX in it.
I anticipate that a new " Intent to Foreclose '' letter will soon be coming from Pacific Union Financial since I just sent them my XX/XX/XXXX XXXX principal and interest payment of {$1300.00}.
In every effort to collect an alleged debt from me, XXXX XXXX and Portfolio Recovery Associates have made material misstatements of law and fact. 


As of XX/XX/XXXX we will begin to move forward. 


By   XXXX   XXXX   XXXX   Synchrony Bank incompetently and negligently made a chaos of our new credit card account reinstating AS A NEW CHARGE the previously cleared and refunded charges made on   XXXX   XXXX   XXXX     17.
My card was and has been paid IN FULL since X/X/2017.
On XX/XX/XXXX, I logged into the website and applied for a 3 month forbearance on our mortgage.
They also said to wait 45-90 days for another solution or to call the Dispute Department XXXX
25 minutes later, he completed a request to reverse the payment in the amount of {$210000.00} ( the difference between my payment owed of XXXX and what was taken XXXX ).
they made no mention that my due date for my current balance of {$2400.00} was in around eight or nine days
I will take legal action against you if you do not validate these accounts.
Since XX/XX/XXXX XXXX has been running " a credit application '' for various " XXXX XXXX accounts '' that I'VE
They said I would not actually get cash but would get points that I could spend like cash on XXXX or for purchasing gift cards. 


Now granted {$37.00} is not going to make or break me, it 's the principle.
Same day i logon to dmv for release of liability.
Sincerely, XXXX XXXX
Then on XX/XX/18 my mother attempts calling in the early morning hours, with no luck she informs me and I start attempting at the end of XXXX XXXX start of XXXX XXXX and the automated phone system was not working.
They use various numbers when calling : XXXX, XXXX, and XXXX in addition to the one I listed previously. 


I already send multiple letters to the creditors and credit bureaus regarding the inaccurate reporting on my report for the past months and haven't received any response from them.
You sent I saw another complaint on line about this.
I was then assured by several FHA representatives that this absolutely applies to bypassing the Credit reporting guidelines and communicating the forbearance and any activity there in directly to the underwriter and it being used against me for establishing credit worthiness.


No one is in charge, and no one seems to know what anyone else has said or done.
I feel this loan was illegal and totally fraudulent.
I do not feel comfortable with a letter with made up information on it.
There would be a packet inside the car with complete instructions on how to complete the sale.
As a small business, I have never bounced a check.
Meanwhile, as we try to take on a major bank, our mother has literally weeks to live.
When I call or attempt to do so online I receive a notification that it can not be completed.
The representative asked if I would like to make a payment, I let her know I would make a payment when I got paid on XX/XX/XXXX.
I called wells I spoke to XXXX on XX/XX/XXXX XXXX XXXX gave them my SSN # and XXXX told me there is no account attached to my SSN that I should call the 3 credit bureaus and report the issue.
I called them to make the booking as well but they just waived their hands.
payments was affected due to COVID-19.
On XX/XX/XXXX the bureaus sent me a letter requesting that I send them my social, drivers license, and proof of address saying that they " Can not ' help me
I naively bought four of the lists each month at a cost of {$1000.00} for a couple of months.
The Account charged off on XX/XX/XXXX with a balance of XXXX XXXXXXXX Violated My rights.
Social Security.
The disputed items do not belong to me.
i work 6 days a week.
So far, both TransUnion and XXXX REFUSED to delete inaccurate reporting information that is affecting my credit file to obtain credit. 


Federal not authorized.
( 2 ) Notification to consumer.
15 USC 1681 Section 602 A states I have the right to privacy.


It was not.
When the transfer was made, two errors occurred : 1 )
It took them about two or three days to even review the check in the first place.
My credit report shows that the investigation was opend and closed, so i'm sending a third letter asking that these 2 accounts be removed off of my report pursuant to Section 609 ( a ) ( 1 ) ( A ) & Section 611 ( a ) ( 1 ) ( A ) .of
XXXX and XXXX are currently reporting inaccurate personal information, addresses, and fraudulent accounts to include alleging that I have two credit cards, so to make it easier, XXXX and XXXX should update my credit report in their system with that of my credit report with Experian.
I have never lived in XXXX or XXXX. 


Cos. 

I made timely payments to XXXX XXXX XXXX beginning XX/XX/XXXX through XX/XX/XXXX, and have never paid 30 days late.
Otherwise I send messages and they refer to the other party.
This created a major problem and led to divorce.
I find their way of conducting business bordering on criminal and their fees are highly excessive.
We do not have is any proof that supports the debt.
I immediately called TD Banks XXXX customer service number and my voice was recognized and confirmed using their voice recognition technology to grant access to discuss my account.
I applied for the Barclaycard XXXX XXXX card and Barclaycard Frontier Mastercard and was approved for both on XXXX XXXX, XXXX.
I pulled my credit and there are things that are not mine.
we questioned the ALTA settlement statement as the {$920.00} for the appraisal was included in the charges ... also many pages had blank spaces, which the notary said the loan officer or escrow officer fills in later?
SLS not once ever sent me a monthly invoice but back in XXXX XXXX when my bankruptcy was discharged they have been aggressively sending me threatening foreclosure letters saying I am {$3600.00} in arrears.
I did some reading on the internet about credit reporting laws, and from my understanding if a consumer finds errors on their credit report, they have a right have them fixed, right?
15 U.S.C 1681 Section 604
they do show my accounts information correctly.
Traying to fix my credit score, i did send to self.com financial co the monthly fee {$49.00} for 4 month.
The previous, though not illegal, is an example of poor business practices.
I still haven't received a response yet.
Their Representativethis time I didnt take his name or employee numberverified and reassured me that all was approved and that I could make use of up to {$10000.00} and again I reiterated that I would not go over {$5500.00}. 

15 USC 1681 section 602a.
The whole reason to use PayPal was to protect my privacy from Ebay and other companies that i purchase item from.
They won't even send me a bill.
I apply and always get rejected.
XXXX XXXX with a closed account they will not be able to process the payments from XXXX XXXX tried to send all of the funds to my account but ur bank returned them and canceled them ..... 

Due to the unforseen global pandemic XXXX has shut its borders and we are unable to travel to the country.
I'm really not sure what happened.
How did you get this information?
Surveillance footage requests, transaction id requests, etc ... .... 


My request was made to Transunion per section 609 15 U.S. Code 1681g and subject to section1681h ( a ) ( 1 ) asking for full disclosure of documents.
I also asked if I should call XXXX XXXX which is where they incorrectly sent the ambulance bill.
Initial call took place onXX/XX/2019 at proximately XXXX XXXX.
The inquiry was not authorized XXXX XXXX Date of inquiry : XX/XX/XXXX I do not remember authorizing this inquiry.
Nobody could explain how any of this was verified they said they were not going to the atm to check the tape or look at the cameras because it was a fraudulent deposit.
On XX/XX/XXXX I called US Bank Mortgage, spoke with XXXX.
The phone number of this individual who is hacking is XXXX and the email hacker is XXXX.
I also faxed them the mailer, but have had issues getting proper responses from Capitol One.
This collection account is reporting a past due amount ( not possible because there is no contract and no payment schedule ).
I have {$9000.00} in my account.
What this means is that your company must be willing and able to produce a document that proves the account ( s ) in dispute belong to me and the information being reported is accurate and you must be able to do this in a court of law.
NOR HAVE I EVER GIVEN MY WRITTEN SIGNATURE TO REPORT ANY OF THE FOLLOWING EXCLUSIONS OF CONSTRUCTION OF A CONSUMER REPORT ACCORDING TO 15 USC 1681 TO BE REPORTED TO MY CONSUMER REPORT! 


To make matters worse, these thieves stole the duly earned {$2000.00} right out of our XXXX Checking Bank Account & even XXXX XXXX, the XXXX aiders & abettors, did not notify us, either.
According to section 605 ( b ) of the FCRA, these accounts must be removed within 4 business days of reciept of this report.
This is why you clearly refused, per our conversation, to put a letter in writing stating that the {$50.00} I remitted would permanently close this account even though it has been dormant for almost a year.
By using a simple mathematical calculation -- XXXX points ( on statement ) minus XXXX points ( online ) equals XXXX points -- a person can easily conclude that the XXXX-point discrepancy could be attributed to a computer programming error.
Over the course of a few years I have contacted Wakefield And Associates about two debts ( {$2000.00} and {$1300.00} ) from the same day and company that are not mine.
I have disputed it with XXXX, XXXX XXXX and XXXX and this company is reporting falsely.
This action was unlawful, I did not have to fill out a application, nor did I sign any document that gave this Finance Manager the approval to perform a credit check.
When we contacted the mortgage company, after several communications back and forth, NationStar made the corresponding payment of property taxes on XX/XX/XXXX. 

The inquiry was not authorized XXXX
I asked XXXX, where were they in the modification process because Fay Servicing had given a letter with a deadline of XX/XX/2020 to get documentation in to them.
( a ) Reinvestigation ( 1 ) Reinvestigation ( a ) In general.
I AM TRYING TO FILE CLAIM
There were several inaccurate personal information in my credit report.
I then responding back by writing them back on XX/XX/XXXX to inform Equifax that the accounts had been investigated and deleted/removed on my other credit reports.
XXXX  and XXXX have reversed them but TransUnion is refusing too.
I forgot all about the incentive programs.
I did not noticed this change to my score until XXXX.
I called the servicer to extend the deferment through my graduation. 


I have a prepaid debit card issued by US bank as a vehicle to receive child support payments from the State XXXX.
This is not acceptable.
They attempted to take a payment from XXXX XXXX XXXX Acct of {$140.00} on XX/XX/XXXX which caused a double NSF charges of {$36.00} and I had to dispute this charge and later in the days, the payment of {$140.00} was put back into my XXXX XXXX Checking Acct including the double NSF charges of {$36.00}.
She charged my AMEX more than an hour before any service was rendered, not after as she told AMEX. 

We asked for a breakdown of the Purchase Option price.
See attached for a loan servicing letter documenting the transfer of the loan to XXXX for servicing.
Sometime around XXXX XXXX
Since XX/XX/XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX  ( Mortgage owned by XXXX XXXX XXXX  ) stopped reporting the status of my payments, which were made on time.
I called them on XX/XX/XXXX, and provided them with transfer ID and trans code, their customer service advice will take 3-5 business days for them to research and locate my payment which already cleared and I have confirmed with my bank.
This includes listing any information with a credit reporting repository that couldA be inaccurate or invalidated or verifying an account as accurate, when in fact there is no provided proof that it is accurate.
The most recent call was on   XXXX   XXXX   at   XXXX   in which proper proof of this amount was not provided instead I was negotiated at a different price then listed on my credit and they would remove the account completely from my credit.
My concern was how it would appear on my credit report because I was in the process of repairing my credit in anticipation of applying for a mortgage and possibly a new car.
XX/XX/XXXX GM Financial marks a delinquency on my credit report. 


1666b.
Confirmation number on the payment was # XXXX. 

So when the year was up, I decided to switch to XXXX to kinda wrap the accts together to have them understand what I was talking about.
The inquiries that being reported were not authorized by me nor did anyone call to confirm the request for credit by me and I have a fraud alert on my file.
IM opening a new complaint and suing them.
As you are no doubt aware, credit reporting laws ensure that bureaus report only accurate credit information.
Let me refresh you on my story.
Maybe then The CFPB will hold wells Fargo accountable for causing millions of foreclosures in a money grab scheme.
I have been in contact with Flagstar daily and done everything asked of me.
Total equalling {$51.00}.
The address the initial " letter '' went to is incorrect also I respectfully request to be provided proof of this alleged item, specifically the contract, note or other instrument bearing my signature.
Fact, the Fair Credit Reporting Act is states there is a need to insure that consumer reporting agencies exercise their grave responsibilities with fairness, impartiality, and a respect for the consumers right to privacy. 


We are bullying by Wells Fargo, always paid our mortgage on timeOn XXXX XXXX we wrote the check in the amount of {$40000.00} but missed XXXX and filled out in writing, not only the bank cashed our check, they do n't credit us with the payment and charged us {$190.00} late fees. 

Then I received a different response.
I have several items that are listed on my credit report that are not mine and are fraudulent, errors and incorrect as none of the accounts are mine.
The list of accounts below has violated my federally protected consumer rights to privacy and confidentiality under 15 USC 1681 XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX  XX/XX/XXXX {$490.00}, The XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX ) {$810.00} XX/XX/XXXX, XXXX XXXXXXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX  ) {$260.00} XX/XX/XXXXXXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX  {$410.00} XX/XX/XXXX, XXXX XXXX XXXXXXXX XX/XX/XXXX {$620.00}, XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX  XXXX XXXX XXXX {$2600.00} XX/XX/XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX  XX/XX/XXXX {$340.00} XXXX XXXXXXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXXXX/XX/XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXXXXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXXXXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX {$820.00} XX/XX/XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX, XXXX XXXX XXXX XX/XX/XXXX {$2000.00}, Department of EducationXXXX XXXX. 


I was also told the the account could not be reopened once it had been closed and that my only recourse was to apply and receive a card via a new account. 


I told them that I have learned how to swim in fraud as I have no other choice at the moment.
I reported the theft of my identity to the Federal Trade Commission, and I also have enclosed copy of the Federal Trade Commissions Identity Theft Affidavit.
Per the FCRA, you have 30 days to conduct this investigation and respond to my request.
I ask that you delete these accounts, or I will be filing a legal complaint against you!
I am also contacting the XXXX, Consumer Protection, FCC, Ohio Attorney General, and any other entity or individual I can think of that can assist me with this matter. 


.This was a fist step towards attempting resolution.
In addition, I didnt receive an acknowledgement from XXXX that XXXX XXXX provided payment.
The next day I saw my account was overdrawn and I immediately filed a claim.
The original loan was in my brother 's name XXXX XXXX account # XXXX.
I 'm out {$400.00} for the appraisal which can not be used by any mortgage company.
I'm really not sure what happened.
I called them again upset and they told me that they were unable to remove that due to govern rules.
So if thats the case.
I will submit a copy of my credit report in which items masquerading as accounts were deleted.
Thank you,
Unfortunately, there was not an AAdvantage Miles promotion offered in conjunction with the opening of your account.
Your failure to positively verify these accounts has hurt my ability to obtain credit.
They had men call me almost every day harassing me to pay my bill.
You should expect to receive those results in approximately 7 business days.


There have always been phone calls.
So called back and spoke with someone else who sent me fraud report.
The first was the XXXX not removing the delinquency from XXXX.
I pulled my credit to myself because I was alerted by my social security card getting stolen and I see a list of derogatory items that are not mine including a bankruptcy or ( bankruptcies ).
Tell me when you think the statute of limitations expires for this debt, and how you determined that.
He the mentioned the debt was from 2014 of which I then reminded him that I filled a bankruptcy back them and that is why I am asking for a debt validation letter.
I finally get to this team today.
I received an e-mail stating that the bank would not be able to open the account and was advised to call in.
I told them know, that I knew nothing about it.
Please delete the items XXXX soon as possible
The first payment was deducted from my bank account on XXXX/XXXX/15 in the amount of {$900.00}.
Now they continue to say the overpayment was sent in error, now wanting the overpayment paid back to them. 


This proves that Equifax has been bias with investigation and has not been investigating correctly.
Fraud during lent with addresses that I have not resigned that also names on my credit report that are incorrect, and I would like them to be removed, as well as the addresses that I do not reside at.
My name is XXXX XXXX this complaint is not made in error neither is it being made by a third party.
TransUnion Credit Reporting Agency showed XXXX ( XXXX ) Collection against me in XXXX 2015.
15 U.S Code 1692g Validation of Debts : ( a ) NOTICE OF DEBT ; CONTENTSWithin five days after the initial communication with a consumer in connection with the collection of any debt, a debt collector shall, unless the following information is contained in the initial communication or the consumer has paid the debt, send the consumer a written notice containing ( 1 ) the amount of the debt ; ( 2 ) the name of the creditor to whom the debt is owed ; ( 3 ) a statement that unless the consumer, within thirty days after receipt of the notice, disputes the validity of the debt, or any portion thereof, the debt will be assumed to be valid by the debt collector ; ( 4 ) a statement that if the consumer notifies the debt collector in writing within the thirty-day period that the debt, or any portion thereof, is disputed, the debt collector will obtain verification of the debt or a copy of a judgment against the consumer and a copy of such verification or judgment will be mailed to the consumer by the debt collector ; and ( 5 ) a statement that, upon the consumers written request within the thirty-day period, the debt collector will provide the consumer with the name and address of the original creditor, if different from the current creditor. 

Verified as reported correctly ''. 


Are you better off leaving it at XXXX unused until XXXX discontinues it? 


I understand that this practice is illegal in New York State.
XXXX XXXX was assigned to this file.
Due to my credit, bank accounts being hack, information data BREACHES ( not one but a few ) and PennyMacs   HARD Inquiries and reporting failure to make payments when I and trustee where paying, has ruined my credit!
Thank you very much. 

XXXX XXXX XXXX XX/XX/XXXX : XXXX XX/XX/XXXX : Account Name XXXX XXXX XXXX Account # :
I have kept a record of dates, phone calls, emails, etc. with names and responses from Mr Cooper 's reps. if needed.
Then a month later I received a collection letter with that same rep 's name and extension.
DISCHUSTING.
To Whom It May Concern : Be advised this is not a refusal to pay, but a notice that your claim is disputed and validation is requested.
In order for me to receive the documents, I was told I had to email requesting them.
I did a total total of 12 deferred payments and 10 of those were backdated.
They are attempting to do an end run around the act by enticing people with a potential higher credit score to get access to their utility payment history.
IT ALSO STATES A CONSUMER REPORTING AGENCY CAN NOT FURNISH AN ACCOUNT WITHOUT MY WRITTEN INSTRUCTIONS
I have spoken to Save the dream and they said the status they show is paid and these are government funds.
but i spoke with someone originally when this happened and they also could not verify a single thing.
Convergent was in direct violation of the FDCPA and FCRA laws.
I called again in XX/XX/XXXX and was told that the information was true and they can't fix it.
Every time I would contact American Express they would not give me a definite answer and just kept going in circles. 


When I answer, they usually will wait 5-10 minutes before actually speaking and never listen to the info I share or have any knowledge of the online message center information I have shared while past due.
I found out all the information when I called them. 

XX/XX/XXXX XXXX AZ Time : I explain my frustrations to her, all of the phone calls and transfers that have occurred, and my desire to just speak to someone who can help settle the account, I tell her that I had asked XXXX to put me through to a supervisor, and XXXX states that XXXX and herself are supervisors.
I was denied for not enough income so i got another job.
I am attaching additional documentation for review that substantiates what I have said here.
Yes, weeks.


Day before the auction WF had receipt of Buyer 's Contract ( RPA ), HUDI, XXXX printout, house listing agreement & did n't contact Realtor to discuss further.
THAT PARTAKES IN THE PRIVLIDGES ON REPORTING CONSUMERS PAYMENT HISTORY, IT IS A DISPUTE ON GROUNDS OF VALIDATION PURPOSES ONLY. 


My score dropped down 35 points because of this and Im still trying to recover from this point drop.
This serves to notify you on the inaccurate information on my credit report as per your file.
if a furnisher makes an accommodation with respect to 1 or more payments on a credit obligation or account of a consumer, and the consumer makes the payments or IS NOT REQUIRED TO MAKE XXXX OR MORE PAYMENTS PURSUANT TO THE ACCOMADTION, THE FURNISHER SHALL ( I ) REPORT THE CREDIT OBLIGATION OR ACCOUNT
46.
On XX/XX/XXXX I made a payment of {$250.00}.
An offer was made and accepted.
My information was also impacted by the XXXX Data breach and may have got into the hands of the wrong person.
XXXX Account XXXX :
XXXX XXXX XXXX, XXXX, XXXX XXXX , XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX, XXXX XXXX, XXXX XXXX ( ORIG CREDITOR :
I have been a victim of identity theft and bank accounts have been opened under my name.
We thought that after the discharged of the bankruptcy we had a clean slate.
The terms and conditions as represented to us, by the representative of Countrywide  XXXX XXXX XXXX, is that we would receive a loan of money for XXXX, and that 4.
In XXXX or early XX/XX/XXXX, I was informed effective XX/XX/XXXX, I would have a new servicer ( Nelnet ) and they would be responsible for my loan ( they assured me all information would be transferred over, if I had automatic payments it would continue as agreed with XXXX ).
I was issued a new card. 


QUESTIONS :
They are now very rude to me and even ignored my correspondence. 

I've put in a couple of thousand dollars into the account and bought some cryptocurrencies.
( A ), please investigate the unverifiable accounts below :
Upon closing the approx {$20.00} tab, a Chase debit card was given back to me, although it turned out to not be my debit card.
I'm XXXX XXXX military and because I had some missed payments in the past, my security profile was flagged for financial discrepancies, which in turn could affect my security clearance to do my job if I didn't provide justification or proof that everything is good. 

Discussed the full details with Chase service rep who thanked me for " remaining cool given the horrible experience '' and helped me ( 1 ) stop payment on the vendor and ( 2 ) dispute the latest monthly charges ( as far back as possible ) given my multiple attempts to cancel that were unanswered by vendor.


They stated everything was 100 % completed and updated as accurate.
When I questioned the important details of who original creditor was and could they prove that I had any knowledge of the supposed debt -- the representative told me they " are n't obligated to communicate that to me ''.

After  XX/XX/XXXX , Synchrony Bank sent a fraud claim form that we completed and sent back.
Unable to transfer funds from PNC to a XXXX investment account.
In XX/XX/XXXX ( 4 months later ), after hearing nothing from XXXX XXXX or New American Funding, I began to inquire as to what the process would be to get the deed re-titled.
I want to sell the house but it needs some work done to it.
XXXX with a little over XXXX now showing almost XXXX balance?
Ive already included this in my previous Complaint # & I am including it again.
This removal date is inaccurate, please have this account removed from my Credit report.
Under the Fair Credit Reporting Act, they have violated my rights 15 U.S.C 1681 section 602 A. States I have the right to privacy.


my funds have not been restored, nor have I received any conformation that this was reported to them.
So TransUnion feels they're above the letter of the law & will not explain their policy ...
I talked to the CEO 's Assistant and the individual told me he would settle my account for a lower amount than this. 


I want you to know that I understand my financial obligations, and if it were not for divorce expenses, I would have an excellent repayment record.
I later checked the balance of the card and discovered that the funds on the card had been hacked by someone that spent the funds at grocery stores, gas stations and XXXX stores in southern California. 


I told them I did not agree with the total and please validate based on my enclosed uploaded items. 


as well as its parent company XXXX XXXX have informed us that they have ZERO KNOWLEDGE of our loan-level data pertaining to just our loan, nor do they seem to have any knowledge of the document filings conducted in their names under an entity name put forth by Nationstar Mortgage LLC as XXXX XXXX  XXXX XXXX, AS TRUSTEE FOR THE CERTIFICATE HOLDERS OF XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX PASS-THROUGH CERTIFICATES SERIES 2007-7. 

Saturdays, Sundays and Holidays are not BUSINESS DAYS ... .PLEASE
Chase came up with various excuses for delaying the refinance deal ranging from not being able to IRS transcripts on time, appraisal expired, and finally now the truth which is that Chase could not get their investors to accept its hired appraisers ' work.
Again, PROVE it!
I then filed a police report for harassment and the officer told me it is fraud and to report my social security number is being fraud.
As of this moment, I have yet to receive a respone to this email.
My loan was closed in XXXX of 2021 and I was not notified until XXXX of 2021.
I have sent several letters via USPS Certified Mail requesting that the credit reporting agency remove an unverified account from my credit report ( XXXX XXXX XXXX ).
I have attached the executed agreement for your review and please see paragraph 3 which states XXXX should have removed this entry months ago with all three credit bureaus.
This act caused me to breach contracts with trades men, workers and subcontractors.
She refused to listen to me and repeatedly screamed and yelled a me as I was attempting to explain that we owe no one nothing.
I contacted them within days of the wreck.
Everyone knows this.
I bought the house empty. 


The payment was due on XX/XX/2016.
* I do not remember much about the XXXX XXXX XXXX
I also request that you stop reporting this inaccurate information to credit reporting agencies ( CRAs ).
Since XX/XX/20
I didn't receive product out {$1600.00} and my bank of 25+ years won't reverse the charges.
Please remove the following U S DEPT OF ED/XXXXL ( XXXX Creditor : XXXXXXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX )
Its been 120 days now still nothing.
As far as business practices are concerned there is no good reason to do this.
XXXX XXXX :
I do not have access to the {$1600.00} I have on deposit, and I am being told that I owe the bank {$36000.00}, with no explanation given for why.
At no time did anyone from XXXX contact me.
In trying to obtain a new mortgage to buy a new home/ refinance in XXXX of XXXX, my mortgage broker found discrepancies on my credit report which were made by my current mortgage company - Mr. Cooper XXXX Nationstar Mortgage.
I want my money and also extra back for the trouble.
I have contacted all the   XXXX   credit bureaus online by disputing the items that should not be on my account.
Basically the debt is not mine because I never agreed to it.
Only the scammer did.
He resolved the online account issues and I was able to log in successfully. 


My card has always been in my possession and these charges came in from out of the country, obvious fraud.
Freedom Mortgage is fallaciously requesting extraneous records in an attempt to stall decisioning this short sale.
In addition to refusing to remove late payments they are fully aware that I am a victim of Identity Theft ; notarized police report, notarized identity theft affidavits, and letters from the companies themselves stating they did investigation and found that the accounts were not mine they copied me and sent the letters into credit bureaus as well and again Experian is the only bureau the refused to remove the following accounts in fact not only do they still report every month they update with new late payment/closed/charged off account which is making my credit score suffer a great deal.
I have been able to have at least 7 deleted from my report by Experian, they are the same accounts still being listed by XXXX and XXXX so they should be removed from XXXX and XXXX as well. 

They are not affiliated with any account that I began using after this date of each individual inquiry that was provided to them specifically for those inquiries as listed on the identity theft report. 


XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX
I submitted proof that my social security number, fingerprints, birthdate, addresses, and other identifying information were affected by the XXXX XXXX data breach as well as Equifax 's XXXX data breach.
This includes any listing of any information to a credit-reporting repository that could be inaccurate or invalidated.
Attempts to call them only end with pressure to pay and can't get them to tell me the original debtor.
This is the fourth time I have contacted your company and you have still failed to delete the disputed accounts your company could not verify.
When I pulled my credit report and realized the account was closed, I called them and asked, how can you close an account in which you are receiving an on time monthly payment on, and they said, it was several months where I did n't pay the full amount and they called the cosigner, XXXX XXXX.
I have been a victim of identity theft and this debt is not mine nor do I know who " XXXX '' is.
They have told me the only way I can pay the loan is in fill or cash payments of at least {$140.00} in person. 

I have bills to pay and my money is blocked by Suntrust bank.
AS CURRENT FAY Servicing admits that I contacted them on XX/XX/XXXX ( Note : CARES Act Amendment went into effect on XX/XX/XXXX but dated impacted accounts for consumers dating back to XX/XX/XXXX ) and I informed them that I was experiencing financial hardship due to being impacted by XXXX. 


My biannual property tax bill due in XX/XX/XXXX was not paid by any of the companies involved with my refinance or mortgage servicing, and I received a overdue tax notice On XX/XX/XXXX.
I told the representative that came on the phone line who I was, and that I was returning a phone call that I missed from XXXX.
THE DISPUTED ACCOUNTS AND INQUIRIES HAS BEEN HINDERING MY CREDIT AND HAS BEEN AFFECTING MY CHANCES OF ACQUIRING NEW CREDIT.
I have contacted the company numerous times to no avail.
XXXX XXXX XXXX CC : State Senate CC : Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation CC : Comptroller Of The Currency CC : Federal Reserve System CC :
Seems that my file has been split.
However, my county taxes were not paid, LoanCare paid the wrong amount to the wrong account.
Today XX/XX/2020 i am reaching out to the bureaus again but this time i am also filing a complaint with you guys since i have not got any correspondence back from them.
I was charged 112 % of the balance due as a late fee.
SOMEONE USED MY PERSONAL INFORMATION TO OPEN THE FOLLOWING ACCOUNTS IN MY NAME : XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XX/XX/XXXX {$2300.00} ACCT.
It definitely is presented in a way that easily leads applicants to believe their initial credit check approves your loan and that this final credit check just figures out the final details of a pre-approved loan. 

NO ONE  ahs.
He assured me that since it was marked as fraud, the system would automatically exclude it when calculating and applying my bonus.
They will remove and put the collection back on my report days later.
Ex. " A '' On XX/XX/XXXX, the loan servicer sent the attorney a payoff statement where it indicated the principal balance was {$88.00}, XXXX plus {$610.00} in interest, plus escrow of {$280.00} and court fees of {$530.00} for a total of {$89.00}, XXXX.
This was approximately 19 % of the total amount that I had requested to transfer in the first place. 


The following personal information is incorrect Account Number : PREVIOUS ADDRESS : XXXX XXXX XXXXXXXX XXXX, AZ XXXX
Your attention to this matter is urgently needed.
XXXX advised XXXX XXXX that SLS has no idea that we have an attorney representing us, and she asked XXXX to supply her the attorney 's name to which XXXX responded to XXXX by asking/stating words to the effect, " Why did SLS send a letter to my home address dated XX/XX/XXXX and to me personally stating they couldn't respond to a QWR when I have not asked SLS to supply a QWR this year?
I received a call from an agent to investigate, before I could even explain the reason for my dispute the young man had already established that I had already received a service.
Today they are reporting a charge off account for the amount of {$330.00} dollars in my credit report.
This decision by Discover is unreasonable and needlessly destructive to my credit, in a time when uncertainty is incredibly high.
On XXXX, we still did not receive a call.
The phone continues to ring with no answer, no voicemail and/or I receive a busy signal.
Under FCRA 15 U.S. Code 1681n ( b ) ( B ) in the case of liability of a natural person for obtaining a consumer report under false pretenses or knowingly without a permissible purpose, actual damages sustained by the consumer as a result of the failure or {$1000.00}, whichever is greater ( 2 ) such number of punitive damages as the court may allow.


Now my account is {$3200.00} in the red which is not correct.
I demand you to delete these items at once.
and i do n't feel that this is correct.
I live in Puerto Rico and a victim of identity theft.
How can a account that has a XXXX balance be 120 days late as of XXXX 2017. 


All knowledge has been ignored on the behalf of the bureau.
XX/XX/XXXX : Filed an online dispute with XXXX and provided all documentation.
I look forward to receiving these documents via XXXX XXXX by the close of business on XX/XX/XXXX.
That was after attempting to contact Transunion more than 21 times.
Equifax is not updating their report or the company did not due as they are required.
I called the collection agency back and asked to speak to Mr XXXX and left a message asking him to call me back at XXXX and when I did not get a call back, I called again at XXXX, he told me that he is going to put out a request to have the details of the account mailed out to me.
- I called PNC bank back, I spoke with XXXX who gave me the same 2 courses of action as I was originally told.
This settlement agreement resolved all claims against me and any claims I had against XXXX XXXX XXXXXXXX. 


They deleted me from the account because we had a dispute.
I was a customer of XXXX and cancelled service in XXXX 2016.
But my EMI of XXXX was debited in each of these month on the last working day of the month.
8.
So now my money goes to a collect agency XXXX and they start harassing me.
I never knew I had that account in my credit report.
Regions is doing this so that the account will go to collections and affect our credit and then it will force us to pay money we do n't owe.
Throughout this entire time my 6 month pregnant wife and I began going through the closing process ( i.e. opening escrow & providing any additional information requested at the time ).
US Bank withdrew an additional payment after the lease was returned to XXXX from the bank without permission. 


I never applied for a home loan with these people.
I endorsed it and sent it in.
Our incomes combined started at $ XXXX ( in XXXX ) and continued on a decline to $ XXXX ( in XXXX ) since I 'm the only one working due to my husband 's XXXX.
Received two separate letters claiming the homeowner insurance 's property address is different from the property address on record with the The Money Source ( a.k.a. TMS ).
XXXX XXXX XXXX
I go from having no payment due, to having a payment and a half due, to now showing that I am actually a full payment behind every month. 

Speaking to the manager XXXX she didnt do anything to resolve this issue.
Does this fall under re-aging?
Also, none of my providers, billing offices, or insurance can locate this so-called delinquent amount.
The above clearly shows a credit of {$85.00} Please clearly explain the process of rebill ( original transaction purchase (? ) ) and Purchase Adjustment ( credit? )
They never responded to my faxes and I kept having to call to find out what actions they were taking. 


And why was I approved with a {$22000.00} credit limit on  XX/XX/XXXX ?
We were in process of buying home in Hawaii using a Hawaii mortgage company we had used before when we purchased a condo there, Upon going to Bank of America to get my banking info for the mortgage I was heavily wooed by Manger at Bank of America sayin they could give me much better rates credit for being a preferred client I was hesitate and questioned the loan officer if she had done mortgages in Hawaii because things are done a bit different there.
MCM says today, It could take up to 20 days.
By the provisions of the Fair Credit Reporting Act, I demand that these items be investigated and removed from my report.
Violation 6.

15 U.S.C 1681n I never gave permissible purposes.


XXXX XXXX XXXX with ACCT # XXXX opened on XX/XX/XXXX with a balance of {$5800.00} -This is not my account.
( a ) XXXX.
I contacted a conventional loan company just to get information.
Back in XXXX, I was talked into a very expensive education loan XXXX.
I have filed a complaint against XXXX XXXX XXXX 7 or more times for this same issue.
She refused.
There has been a warning on my report to not approve such things.
I did not authorize this.
Therefore, now I have to prove my identity by providing documentation.
Pursuant to my previous two complaints filed here, Comenity Bank has most recently responded by urging me to send them a letter requesting the opening of a dispute. 


We opened a free business checking account with PNC.
Here is the XXXX tracking of the certified letter sent to them that CFPB can google, XXXX.
Here is a lecture from me to them about the legality of their role in a dispute process.
No where on my receipt, that I printed out and sent to the bank, does it say anything about XXXX.
Because the MTCN no XXXX was already unavailable ...
Checking XXXX claim submitted | View claim details | View uploads Claim Status : Closed - ApprovedClaim Number : XXXX First Reported : XXXX Reopened : XXXX Details :
so you know what this to my score by the way
Please remove this collection from my credit report.
I did not benefit anything as a result of these accounts being open in my name without my permission ( money, services, goods ).
I explained to the rep I've been told several things and all were different.
YOUR COMPLAINT BACKGROUND : I sent in DISPUTE letters to the credit reporting agencies on XX/XX/2022, and a DEMAND TO COMPLY LETTER ( certified ) on the XXXX of XX/XX/2022.
By law, they have to remove all accounts that are not 100 % factual and true.
XXXX Inquiry date XX/XX/XXXX, XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXXXXXX, Inquiry date XX/XX/XXXX XXXX XX/XX/XXXX XXXX XXXXXXXX XXXX, Inquiry date XX/XX/XXXX )
If the consumer sends the CRA the required materials and the CRA does not block the disputed information within four days, the consumer can bring a legal claim against the CRA. 



I deny nothing, yet I reserve the right to question any unproven claim.
According to the FRCA The term " investigative consumer report '' means a consumer report or portion thereof in which information on a consumer 's character, general reputation, personal characteristics, or mode of living is obtained through personal interviews with neighbors, friends, or associates of the consumer reported on or with others with whom he is acquainted or who may have knowledge concerning any such items of information. 



I will authorize sending you your balance to you via expedited delivery- unless you continue your calls/emails/social media posts.
The Lender has failed to respond to multiple requests that would have secured a full resolution of the mortgage debt.
This account should be removed because it has been removed under every other name.
I recently pulled my credit report and noticed that the same file was put back on my credit report again.
To find another lender that could settle in 3 weeks is impossible and to threaten us with foreclosure is absurd, since we have met all of our financial obligations.
The bank reported the deferment payments as late with XX/XX/XXXX with it being 150-179 days past due, XX/XX/XXXX being reported as 120-149 days past due and XX/XX/XXXX being reported as 90- 119 days due. 

The person using my identity is messing me up daily.
Nevertheless, I asked the representative so what happens now.
I've contacted the company via certified mail, requesting proper documentation and debt validation to prove this is truly my debt.
On XX/XX/XXXX I received a " Notification of lawsuit Filing and Civil Complaint '' from XXXX XXXX XXXX on behalf of XXXX XXXX XXXX.
My loan amount increased and interest rate increased after being sold to Navient.
In accordance with the Fair Credit Reporting act XXXX XXXX XXXX # XXXX, has violated my rights.
How long has that employee been employed by your company?
This is a repeat offence that was perpetrated upon me and should be carefully investigated and addressed.
Bal : {$1700.00} Navy Federal Credit Union
While living in  XXXX   XXXX   XXXX ,  XXXX ,  XXXX  alarm company provided alarm service to my house in  XXXX .
Thank you for your time. 


You have NOT provided me a copy of ANY original documentation ( a consumer contract with my signature on it ) as required under Section 609 ( a ) ( 1 ) ( A ) & Section 611 ( a ) ( 1 ) ( A ) .Furthermore
THIS ACCOUNT FROM MY CREDIT REPORT. 

All accounts can be wrong but they all can't be right!
She at that time told me there would be a resolution to this probably by today by the end of the business day or no later than XXXX.
XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX
I received a collection letter in the mail from XXXX XXXX XXXX claiming I owed them {$1000.00}.
Something is wrong with Transunion.
Investigation did not fix error on my report.
I therefore re-submitted same via email ( XXXX XXXX 2015 ).
They confirmed that the car a XXXX  XXXX was paid off, and told me they were sending a copy of the lean release to my mother in-laws house.
Consequently, nothing connects these copies reliably together.
I have very little patience for accounting ignorance and when the lender asked me to supply that information rather than doing so himself as I requested I became upset and mentioned the CFPB to the supervisor I was speaking to.
The below is my sworn statement concerning these credit issues.


This has affected me greatly since I locked my rate for my refinance and ended up with a higher rate just because of an XXXX points difference which Im sure I would of had, had this debt not been there to begin with or at least corrected in the last 2 months.
Alternatively, a smart consumer can sometimes scam the scammer by telling PayPal the item arrived broken or it was the wrong item - and then ship an empty box back to the scammer who isn't in a position to complain.
I need these accounts removed from my reports immediately ...
At the present time I am working on reviewing my credit, paying down my balances, and pursuing better credit worthiness.
Please remove Account # XXXX immediately.
After reviewing the documents there are excessive red flags from different interest rates, loan amounts, to fraudulent signatures with different dates.
This made me confident that our case was clean, and clear because they could see that we were never informed. 


I am requesting that the charge be removed, that any finance other charges related to the fraudulent amount be credited, as well and that I receive an accurate statement.
CFPB XX/XX/2020
Loans with an interest rate between 25.01 percent and 45 percent are criminally usurious misdemeanors, while a rate above 45 percent is punishable as a third-degree felony.
All inquires still remains, several are doubled on my report.
Because of Procollects negligence my husbands wages were not only being illegally garnished because of improper service in pursuant to XX/XX/XXXX rule 4, but he is also being garnished for unverified debts that he has no contractual nor legal responsibility for and also being garnished for bills we dont even owe! 

I demand these accounts to be deleted immediately or i will seek litigation.
-- Section 623 ( a ) ( 1 ) of THE FAIR CREDIT REPORTING ACT ( 15 U.S.C .
As shown in Exhibit C.

Account History.
Per my previous conversation of XX/XX/XXXX I thought we were ok with our modification status and payment status. 

It just seems like a very long time to wait to get a check from a bank that is within the united states.
If I don't get my money back, I will be talking to press and escalate this further.
I was told to check back in XX/XX/XXXX and it should be corrected.
If you do n't realize it, which is easy with ebills, they charge a fee on the outstanding fee on the next bill.
So of course I contacted radius MULTIPLE times telling them the same scenario of what happened.
Even the company that transferred the loan to NewRez said they contacted them, that was futile, nothing changed. 


( along with a {$25.00} late penalty ) after I alerted them to the fact that my county taxes were not paid.
I am writing to request that you place an immediate block on the following fraudulent information in my credit file within 4 days upon receipt of this correspondence. 

They initiated.
A person shall not furnish any information relating to a consumer to any consumer reporting agency if the consumer reporting agency if the person knows or has reasonable cause to believe that the information is inaccurate
I am not disputing any prior late payments however, these accounts are being reported as if I am past due in present day.
I have disputed with the credit bureaus but I 've been told, this is somehow a " coding '' issue where a short sale vs. foreclosure is reported.
Called Macy 's customer service and talked to XXXX who informed me that she could not do anything that it is Macy 's practice to close an account after it has not been used for a period of time and if I wanted I was more than welcome to apply for a new Macy 's card.
This has brought a great deal of harm to my family as a whole as well.
XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX Delete this account. 

We then received a letter a few weeks later saying that the amount we sent was insufficient.
I actually then had my home sold for cash & for more than it appraised for.
Company : Amerisave Mortgage
Click on the " Reported Transactions '' link.


I can not get any apartment because of what they have put on my credit profile.
Also, my card payments are never reported to any of the national credit reporting agencies.
When the payments are deferred the P & I payment is deferred for that time period and they are telling me that after they placed those payments at the end of my loan, they still charged me additional interest until my next payment was made which means they are charging me interest twice for the same time period
I was advised that I could make a payment on the phone during that call which would go directly towards paying off the cash advance.
I did not receive any money, goods, or services as a result of the identity theft.
Please correct this account and remove all the late payments : XXXX XXXX XXXX  XXXX XXXX
I confirmed to all credit cards that the purchases were not mine.
I submitted all the required documents and the loan processing started.
I feel that these accounts are adversely affecting my credit report and costing me thousands of dollars in interest every year.
Please help.
Check Issued was from XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX NC XXXX BANK IS XXXX XXXX XXXX ACCT # XXXX.
I send {$2200.00} on XX/XX/2019 and was promised that money will be credited on XX/XX/2019.
When I questioned representatives from both places they had no idea where it was coming from. 


I need these items deleted from my credit report.
I contacted merchant and he dined to refund payments.
What they are doing is a classic bait and switch. 


BOTH BLATANT FCRA 611, 15 U.S.C 1681i VIOLATIONS.
Please remove the following addresses they are not mine : XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX OH
-To qualify you must be targeted -This offer is only available to Citi credit card members who receive this communication. 

They refused or were unable to verify n remove the inquiries and negative account its been 60days n they record the calls n admitted they had my police report n ftc and affidavit
These are grounds for removal and Experian is violating my rights under 15 U.S.C. 1681 section 602 A. states I have the right to privacy.


I'm really not sure what happened.
Moreover, you stated the account was verified as accurate by law 15 USC 1681 ( e ).
HE SAID I CANT HELP YOU WITH THIS ACCOUNT, HE PUT ME HOLD ...
This is XXXX XXXX, who is submitting this CFPB complaint myself and to inform you that there is no third party involve in the process.
15 U.S.C 1681 section 602 A, states I have the right to privacy.


Without limiting the general application of the foregoing, the following conduct is a violation of this section : ( 2 ) The false representation of ( A ) the character, amount, or legal status of any debt ; or 8 ) Communicating or threatening to communicate to any person credit information which is known or which should be known to be false, including the failure to communicate that a disputed debt is disputed.
im practically homeless.
On XXXX XXXX, 2016, Citibank confirmed that the requirements had been met and that I should receive XXXX ThankYou Points by XX/XX/2016.
Pay for a funeral!
Experian has failed to comply with 15 USC 1681a ( 2 ) and is liable pursuant to 15 USC 1681n.


There is discrepancy on how this XXXX XXXX account is report.
I've been trying for XXXX years to get those XXXX agencies plus thje Attorney General
Please investigate the following accounts and remove them if anything is missing or not correct on them. 


Due to my condition, my dad was entrusted with handling my finances.
what was n't my mistake.
According to the terms I received of the lawsuit, payments made during the same period I made mine have to be given back. 

A few months later I realized that a payment had not been taken out.
One said that they have sent out a letter to me explaining the details, but I've yet to receive this letter.
However, the fees and interests are piling up causing us more stress. 


So we walked away.
I received a copy of my credit report and to my surprise I saw all these inaccurate items that I have previously asked you to block. 

I have sent them proof it was paid and they still wont remove it and continuously put it on my credit multiple times when its the same debt
Thank you for helping me take this federal matter seriously!
Please provide physical verification, method of verification, and validation of debt for this account. 



Since Selene took over servicing of my loan I've been sending them docs and more docs, on XX/XX/XXXX I received letter indicating DECLINE of modification due to lack of income and giving me XXXX options : Short Sale or Deed in Lieu.
This isnt possible and if it was too, it shows I was a victim of identity theft and of course they used MY information.
The collection agency has entered a collection account on my credit report for a debt that is not mine.
Otherwise anyone paying for their reporting services could fax, mail or email in a fraudulent account. 


2. Addresses other than the one they mailed this mailing to are all wrong.
They would not investigate.
I would encourage Citi to go back in and look and the contact i have had and time i have devoted into getting my airline credit on this expensive card.
I then applied for a loan medication and nationstar advised they would review my application and get back to me.
Since XX/XX/XXXX we ( Cadle Co, my Wife & I ) were corresponding via emails & they asked us to submit some financials.
By law if the dont this.
One explained when I called on XX/XX/XXXX
Even so, in an abundance of caution, before submitting the Wire, my office called Mr. Cooper on XX/XX/XXXX and confirmed that the amount in the Payoff is the correct amount.
The are violating my rights as a XXXX person and the texas tax code. 


This company sets people up to fail.
I was asked to send in the letter our attorneys sent us stating that as expected the judge denied the motion as unnecessary.
- I reached out to my personal banker many times about it.
This statement fails to provide crucial loan information, such as a payment ledger, total amount remaining etc. 

USAA, has also been discriminatory by not making all services and data related to my auto loan available to me as it does other members.
A foreclosure was not even filed. 


In accordance with the Fair Credit Reporting act XXXX XXXX XXXXXXXXL XXXX, has violated my rights. 



Upon questioning why, I was told the amount was for PMI.
Consumer Financial Protection Bureau XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXXXXXX XXXX XXXX
There are so many dates, times, and details about how theyve been treating me illegally, that I dont even know where to start. 

This is not only unfair to me, but also very troubling, because I have never committed or made any of the things you accuse me of doing.
I received a call from them, robo call, stating they would have " me arrested, freeze my bank accounts and suspend my social security # '' if the matter is not handled.
It has been a long time since I started disputing my Credit File in hopes of having the fraudulent items be completely removed from my Credit File, however, the Credit Bureaus have done nothing despite the consecutive, multiple disputes I have been submitting.
This is very important.
TMS Payoff letter ( attached ) does not list any additional fees that they have charged me ( listed in 1st paragraph for {$270.00} ).
Not only does this violate my rights as a consumer this is pure harassment.
9.
XXXX XXXX
Can't wait?
I find the bank can back charge the merchant five hundred forty days as a consumer protection.
One of my two cats is XXXX XXXX, and we decide to take him into XXXX.
On XXXX XXXX, 2022, I contacted the company and requested a refund, as I had only intended to make a {$200.00} payment, and this had negatively impacted my bank account.
and they also disburse funds into personal checking accounts for people who are XXXX XXXX
They dont identify themselves as the appropriate Unifin inc and instead pronounced it differently which is highly misleading.
Creditors Can't prevail in court after XXXX  years, little the less after XXXX! 

On XX/XX/XXXX, the Citi customer service rep confirmed that I had met the terms of the bonus and that I would receive it by the end of the month ( XXXX ).
After a course of over a year, We sent in police report, driver license and all the things they asked for several times.
my XXXX XXXX pays for all my stuff.
I started disputing the accounts from my Credit report which I believe to be reporting erroneous information on XX/XX/XXXX and the the most recent letter I sent was dated XX/XX/XXXX with complete attachments of my personal identifying documents.
They have missed 6 months of reporting in most of the years of my loan.
I would have lost my scholarships ( which covered, what I had in writing at the time, the majority of my tuition ), and so I decided after working for years to go back to school, that it may not be different than when I had gone to this school in XXXX, and that a single loan would be taken out for the amount, if anything doubling my payment amount later. 


They can not charge me interest when I do not owe anything.
See XXXX.
Information about applicable regulations currently in effect can be found at the Consumer Financial Protection Bureaus website, www.consumerfinance.gov/learnmore.


Now, XX/XX/XXXX received a text fro sales person asking me to bring car immediately to dealer to finish DMV registration that I needed to do it today.
Even some of the names and addresses on my report are wrong.
XXXX XXXX XXXXDispute  XXXX XXXX XXXX all filed to the ftc
My Issue is that with Everything is taking a very long time to process and most companies aren't even allowed to be open because of the Pandemic if they were not considered essential how was the payment processed in a timely fashion?
birth certificate social security card everything..
The vehicle was a XXXX XXXX XXXX and worth approximately {$6000.00}.
TRANSUNION
They are all Federal Student Loans.
I have given Equifax more than 30 days to produce documentation to verify the account.
Please remove these items from my account.
I attempted to submit a letter to the credit bureau and it will not allow me to dispute the issue as it states I have submitted a dispute in 120 time frame.
False fraudulent information has submitted without my knowledge.
I called Nelnet again and explained the situation and asked why my loans stayed in forbearance when it was very clearly marked I wanted to begin payments immediately.
We had hoped that would bring in a new integrity and proper business protocols.
The CFPB is concerned about the borrower experience with institutional loans because of past abuses at schools, like those operated by XXXX and XXXX, where students were subjected to high interest rates and strong-arm debt collection practices.
I have validated all debts from these creditors and filed complaints on all parties to XXXX, XXXX, Experian and every creditor reporting the above items ) and have not received any proof that items belong to me. 



They knew they could not help me from the start, but if they had admitted it, I would not have signed the contract. 


XXXX perpetrated fraud and you have displayed that fraud on my credit report.
I made a follow up call after some thought to understand what would happen to me if I did not pay the bill or how to dispute the claim, then they hung up on me without giving any clear answers. 

Section 623 ( a ) ( 2 ).
This is why I am filing a claim with Consumer Finance XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX mailing address : XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX, MDXXXX
The AE envelope had a return address of XXXX XXXX XXXX, XXXX, NE XXXX. 

Your company failed to credit the payment of $XXXX I made on XX/XX/XXXX via the USPS and XXXX XXXX XXXX  XXXX Cashiers Check # XXXX (enclosure 1).
I did so promptly.
ENHANCRCVRCO had took over the debt once it went into collections.
I will not argue that an increase on the credit limit was requested by me ; quite the opposite, they, AmEx, informed me that I had an ample amount to cover my requested authorization to spend {$5500.00} during the month of XX/XX/XXXX and that after XX/XX/XXXX, I could pay over time because I already counted with that feature in my current account.
The Prospective Employer XXXX XXXX : XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX, NV XXXX XXXX XXXX, Without written authorization took my personal information and submitted it on my behalf to XXXX XXXX company for a background check consumer report for appointment as a private contractor of XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX of which is a misrepresentation as I was under the Impression I was going to be employed by XXXX XXXX XXXX 
XXXX XXXX XXXX company XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX, OH XXXX XXXX  Utilized the service Hireright LLC to acquire an unauthorized complete report. 

The new law states " Under thenew law government obligations, bills of exchange, drafts, notes, trade acceptances, and bankers acceptances, because it is backed by the credit of the nation.
I PAID THIS.
5 months down the line, the vehicle gave out at work.
When I wrote Citibank Citibank asking for the reason, they said, " You have the right to close your account and we also have a right to close your account and we have chosen to exercise our right ''.
They wanted to reschedule me but that was not acceptable to me.
I have spoken to XXXX and they are saying that they do n't show any collection for me.
Failure to comply shall lead to complaints being filed with XX/XX/XXXX, Consumer Financial Protection Bureau, and Attorney General with legal action of your companys unlawful collection practices, misrepresentation of reporting inaccurate debts, and noncompliance to adhere to laws enacted to helps who are victims of identity-theft.
I need these accounts deleted or updated.
The interest is over XXXX percentage I think it was supposed to be less
I tried again and same thing.
ON OR AROUND XXXX XXXX, 2016 CONSUMER ( MYSELF ) FAXED TO CREDIT REPORTING AGENCY " EQUIFAX '' A IDENTITY THEFT FRAUD AFFIDAVIT PACKET CONTAINING A XXXX POLICE REPORT AND SEVERAL DISPUTES ALLEGING FRAUDULENT ACCOUNTS BEING OPEN WITHOUT HIS ( MYSELF ) CONSENT.
This check being stolen from both me and the State of California has put my livelihood at risk and also my potential ability to pay future taxes.
XXXX XXXX XXXX BALANCE : {$350.00} ACCOUNT # XXXX CREDITOR :
XXXX rolls around
i discovered this was a different judgement when I checked our North Dakota Supreme Court website on XX/XX/XXXX and at that time is when we became aware there was in fact a 2nd judgement entered against us by Procollect.
If they would have done the research, they would have seen that all the loans were grouped together and there is about XXXX.
When you add them together you get {$560.00}.
I do not know what else to do? 


I have attached the account information of the credit card accounts that are unknown for me
Also, he got text messages confirming the transfer and that his account would be credited.



It shows on my credit report that on XX/XX/2019 a amount of {$710.00} is owed to ABILITY RECOVERY SERVI ( Original Creditor :
This has been a continuing issue with Nationstar not completing the request.
XXXX  Comenity Bank charges a late fee of " up to {$40.00} '' for being late.
It is fraud.
I was assessed a late charge and interest.
I am a victim of identity theft.
I have filed disputes In regards to the INNACURATE items on my credit report.
They need to updated the account as current or just remove it since it's from XXXX
We both have near perfect credit scores.
I waited 45 days and checked.
Tried to obtain my annual credit reports.
She assured the matter would *self correct* once the mistaken funds were not drawn and the credit card would then again be usable.
My account was closed, the card was reissued, and credits were issued for the fraudulent purchases.
I was told that I would receive the balance on my checking and savings account in the form of a cashiers check.
THE CREDIT BUREAUS STATED MY ACC WAS PROPERLY INVESTIGATED BUT HOW IS THAT POSSIBLE IF THE OPEN DATE IS INACCURATE, THE DATE LAST ACTIVE IS INACCURATE, AND THE DATE LAST REPORTED IS NOT ACCURATE?
I don't know what to do.
I lost my job last year and tried to refinance my house and car, I was told sorry, we can not help you.
I confirmed with XXXX and XXXX that my credit score remains in the the XXXX to XXXX rage.
( b ) COMMUNICATION WITH THIRD PARTIES Except as provided in section 1692b of this title, without the prior consent of the consumer given directly to the debt collector, or the express permission of a court of competent jurisdiction, or as reasonably necessary to effectuate a postjudgment judicial remedy, a debt collector may not communicate, in connection with the collection of any debt, with any person other than the consumer, his attorney, a consumer reporting agency if otherwise permitted by law, the creditor, the attorney of the creditor, or the attorney of the debt collector. 

I do not understand why they are abusing consumers
I told them that frankly I have never XXXX except my wife and do not intend to XXXX.
XXXX, XXXX with ACCT # XXXX opened on XX/XX/2020 with a balance of {$1000.00} -This is not my account.
Worst, the student loan account is reported multiple times which is illegal.
I never applied for it, I don't have any contracts or agreements with this companies.
Did some more sleuthing and found a XXXX account and XXXX page used by the same email address we sent Zelle funds to.
Keep in mind this conversation happen in XX/XX/XXXX.
***** Your revised pay history is based on faulty data.
Equifax violated the Fair Credit Reporting Act by through it's failure to reasonably investigate the disputed information.
They did not report this as settled, rather they subtracted my payment from what I originally owed them. 


I chose XXXX due to the promotional offer of 0 % APR for 6 months for purchases over {$99.00}.
I have sent this letter via registered mail for purposes of formal escalation in the appropriate courts of law should the need arise. 

The sale of the vehicle was not commercially reasonable.
Midland Credit Management, despite receipt of evidence from XXXX, a national credit bureau, that these accounts are invalid -- continues to illegally report to the credit bureaus the false accounts which were the subject of a previous CFPB complaint.
I am curious to better understand your XXXX and Diversity Policy and how XXXX XXXX was able to continue to move up to the rank of Branch ManageXXXX when she obviously can not exhibit any of your companys values as demonstrated in the core value : Prioritizing Customers Our customers inspire us to reach higher. 


My last attempt to fix the issue was on XX/XX/XXXX, I called XXXX.
( Accommodation.
I demand proof of the purchasing agreement?
They claimed they would put a " stop '' on the check and issue an immediate refund via direct deposit that would appear in 48 hours. 


I have recorded the latest conversation with the bank giving them a clear disclosure of record keeping prior to talking, this last call has a Key Bank tracking number as well : XXXX.
This complaint is about Navy Federal Credit Union and it's lack of willingness to assist it's military family members correctly.
I have contacted the FTC and my local police and I am doing this on my own behalf.
The filing client is XXXX.
Nelnet was sent a certified letter on XXXX, and it was received on XX/XX/XXXX and signed by a Nelnet employee.
Without the program we will have borrow money to pay off the balance. 


I am having trouble believing that an investigation was done regarding an account I disputed with the credit bureaus.
show tooltip button XXXX XXXXDispute
Please remove the following items XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX, VA XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXXXXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX FL XXXX
All I know is that they lie to me and they stonewall the case.
When I got my results, back one of the bureaus couldn't verify so they deleted it from my credit report.
I tried to make an appointment online but every date I checked they said that date is not available, or they are having technical difficulties.
On XX/XX/2020 I paid {$75.00} which appears on my XX/XX/2020 statement, within this same statement there is a {$6.00} Interest charge for purchases. 


{$75.00} XXXX : FST FEDERAL CREDIT & COL.
A XXXX this isn't any influence and this is not a third party.
Experian has refused to address my queries and disputes.
Some one been useing my identity??
Since I did not want to be foreclosed on, I took out a pension loan so I could send Pacific Union Financial the {$2700.00} they said must be paid by XX/XX/XXXX to avoid foreclosure. 


In XXXX 2015, an account was opened with Discover Online Savings Bank in my name.
The accounts I am questioning connect with no exchanges acquiring any possession of goods, services or money that I have made or authorized.
I discovered my previous tenant had made photocopies of all my personal info I immediately reported this to the police.
In a letter dated XX/XX/XXXX, Citibank informed me that without a 'valid credit slip ' they would be debiting my account for {$210.00} on XX/XX/XXXX.
I could not afford to make a full payment.
1.
I have had a Bluebird account in perfect standing since XXXX of XXXX.
I was a loyal customer of USAA for nearly 20 years of my military career and had to move my funds to another bank.
( 3 ) Significance of block.
My Commerce bank account was Hacked on XX/XX/2019. 

I was already told on 3 different occasions I wasnt eligible to modify a loan I was not named on.
They sent a box to return their equipment in to my current address ( XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX, XXXX AZ XXXX ). 

The 3 Bureaus Credit Reporting Agency have not complied with the Fair Credit Reporting Act, 15 USC Section 1681i, and continues to report unverified accounts without providing any proof required by law.
There is fraudulent activity that I have reported that remains on my credit profile.
It was XXXX in XX/XX/XXXX, had the balance in XX/XX/XXXX ... then XXXX on XX/XX/XXXX and again has a balance on XX/XX/XXXX. 

The following month, since I was on Autopay, Kia Motors Finance took out an additional {$450.00}, even though I had gone on their website and 'stopped " the autopay function.
To that end, I submitted a letter to Commonwealth as recent as XX/XX/XXXX.
I called XXXX to get my free annual credit report.
The bureau describes Experian as an elaborate mechanism as an elaborate mechanism developed for investigating and evaluating the credit worthiness, credit standing, credit capacity, character, and general reputation of consumers. 

When I called in the branch with the Manager they stated that my sister will have to call them due to it was her account that the money was withdrawn from.
Please remove the following items as they were the result of the identity theXXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX, AZ XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX, MO XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX, AZ XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX, MO XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX  XXXX XXXX XXXX AZ XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX Owed : {$150.00} XXXX FI XX/XX/XXXX
However, Specialized proceeded to escrow my mortgage for insurance without my permission, they advanced my property tax escrow balance to the insurance company and sent me a letter demanding that I remit a {$1400.00} " escrow shortage '' to them.
The original account was with XXXX over 7 years ago.
Subject to Subsection ( f ), if the completeness or accuracy of any item of information contained in a consumers file at a consumer agency is disputed by the consumer and the consumer notifies the agency directly, or indirectly through a reseller, of such dispute, free of charge, conduct a reasonable reinvestigation to determine whether the disputed information is inaccurate and record the current status of the disputed information, or delete the item from the file in accordance with paragraph ( 5 ), before the end of the 30-day period beginning on the date on which the agency receives the notice of the dispute from the consumer or reseller.
EACH agency/bank/nonbank IS CONNECTED IN FRAUD BY association/accomplice ILLEGAL USES OF HARRASSMENT 'S, THREAT 'S, ABUSES, ILLEGAL FEE 'S, FALSE representation, FALSE marketing, BRIBERY, FALSE Reporting, Discriminating, Racial Profiling, FALSE Documentation 's FALSE CREDIT REPORTING, FALSE ILLEGAL with NO WORK PERMIT 'S Building SCAMS, FALSE Reporting to Courthouses.
In addition they continued allowing the card to be used after I reported the fraudulent use, and they replaced the card twice before finally stopping all charges placed by XXXX on my account.
I still have no answer as to how or why this happened, why our son is being penalized for this when it was an error by Citibank, and why the account has not been credited.
I didn't even get the benefit of the doubt.
The manager there stated I would lose my deposit, which I agreed to.
The monies paid to this company were taken under false pretenses.
I HAVE BEEN DISPUTING BOTH ACCOUNTS AS FRAUDULENT
This is how people get into financial trouble with their mortgage companies.
If all of these requirements are not in order, then I have the legal right to request the deletion of this tradeline accordingly. 


To : Whom It May concern : I recently checked my personal credit report and I noticed an unauthorized inquiry had been made. 

That did not happen and now the school wants their money and sent my account to Heartland XXXX for collection.
Accounts XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX
I included my driver 's license and social security in my original requests and follow up response.
XX/XX/2020, I contacted XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX with American Security Mortgage.
And of the account was sold to the collection agency why dont they have one?
According to the Fair Credit Reporting Act, Section 609 ( a ) ( 1 ) ( A ), YOU are required by law to verify ANY AND ALL ACCOUNTS you post on a credit report, otherwise, anyone paying for your reporting services could fax, mail or email in fraudulent account information.
See scans of our XXXX declination letters attached. 


In addition all fees be removed from account and the balance be returned to original amount owed before repossession.
My Full Legal Name : First & Last Name 2.
You can avoid this by taking care of this now. 




We went from {$2000.00} to {$600.00} to {$1200.00} a month now.
Bank of America ( BOA ) is so crooked and corrupt I wish you would heavily fine them and then shut them down.
On 3 or more separate occasions, I instructed the merchant to cancel my order, which he failed to do so.
I sent XXXX an Affidavit of Truth, Bill of Particulars and Cease and Desist that was sent and delivered around XXXX XXXX according to USPS.
5.
My report should have a freeze on it and equifax is still allowing inquiries to go through without my permission.
We explained we believed there was a mistake and we would work to correct it.
In XXXX, I made plans to rent the property and, upon checking the records, discovered that XXXX was listed as the property owner on the county tax records ( under a Sheriffs Deed ) even though I was listed as the owner on the XXXX XXXX note.
I contacted PHH and they told me that was true and that even though I 'd followed what they told me, I was now considered to be 4 months behind.
The rep could not find any balances I owed, I called in and spoke with another rep who had the same findings.
I am a victim of identity theft.
removed
I was messaged from an " interested '' party, so we went ahead with the sale.
XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX
I had paid this online and it showed that it went through when I did so, I did not know that the payments were not going through until I had my credit pulled and saw all the lates on my credit report.
Here is the list of items which do not belong to me or were opened without my permission : XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX
In accordance with the fair credit reporting act, ( XXXX XXXX Account Number XXXX ) has violated my rights. 


Experian & XXXX have not properly investigated the items below.
XXXX.
I feel like I am being punished for something I didn't create.
We are reaching out to your bureau for assistance in negotiating with them that is affordable. 


Today XX/XX/2020 I received the letter and it said that the reason I was not approved was that I had one or more accounts in negative standing.
She seemed to indicate that she had made a correction, saying no suite number was included at all in the address they had in the system.
I haven't been the same since.
I tried recently and was transferred to several Goldman Sachs reps who I could not hear on the phone and requested a call back from a manager as well as a refund.
I completed the PMI removal request form and emailed it back to ServiceMac the next day on XX/XX/2022.
It is really obvious it was fraud.
It keeps saying : Potentially negative.
XXXX.
To this day over 60 days later I have not received a response yet.
When we call XXXX XXXX the representatives tell us that I am going to receive a 1099 because the balance is being forgiven which I am fine with but I need the account to be updated on my credit report since XXXX  XXXX is saying I am not able to pay on it as there isn't a balance due by me.
Its been 7 months, Im being denied a mortgage, Ive applied to 3 Lenders.
I just came out of bankruptcy and I did an affirmation with my car.
I explained all of the other things I had been doing with the Chase Fraud Dept.
In the event you can not provide strict proof of contract, you must cease and desist any and all collection efforts and immediately remove any derogatory information reported to the consumer reporting agencies.
I have disputed the student loan account with Experian for several attempts, to no avail.
In XX/XX/XXXX, I began my XXXX taxes and noticed that Quicken provided a XXXX form with points listed on it as if I knowingly paid for and agreed to points.
and I would truly not what to pursue a legal remedy... 


I did not receive any proactive response from American Express. 

USAA CLAIM IS USAA POLICY *
When I find out the specifics of the loan offer and run the numbers myself I always inevitably find out the same thing ; I would be paying MORE money by restructuring the loan.
Name on file of alleged debtor. 

XXXX XXXX XXXX ( Removed from XXXX  and XXXX  )
As the ATM machine could be faulty or potentially been compromised, I truly regret to use an ATM machine there where not located in a bank or not operated by a bank As the store or by the ATM machine has a camera, I hereby ask that the store and/or the ATM operator will review and provide footage of the related incidence in dispute.
Y contacted the XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX and there is NOT AN ACCOUNT with my social security number. 

XXXX.
There was definitely an error on their part.
I believe that any judge that looks over the report would agree that it is a violation of both the FCRA, CCPA and FACTA.
We were forced to close on the scheduled date with an higher loan amount then we agreed to.
The payments were never applied or cleared and I asked the supervisor to go back through the recorded calls on that day but they refused and are charging me even more money and refused to solve the issue.
This is disappointing because I have been paying XXXX XXXX to get a report every month and I have been disputing fraud accounts on my credit report all this time.
I asked for a letter to verify that they would be removed off my credit and that we would settle.
If I call Carrington myself all I can reach are an assortment of front line of people who have historically consistently given me misinformation.
My information was misused and it is identity theft.
ALSO WAS TOLD THAT THE TECHNICAL SUPPORT DEPARTMENT WASXXXX XXXX  WAS SUPPOSE TO CLEAR MY RECORD IN THERE SYSTEMS AND STILL I GET THIS MESSAGE
The attached credit bureau posts show the first late payment XXXX XXXX, and as such the timeline can not be extended.
I have sent 'd all documentation on a timely matter and you keep requesting document after documents knowing that I have enough income to support not only a monthly payment, but to support the loan through the maturity.
I feel that it should be removed since they can not provide the information.
This made irate!
Dear Equifax, the items listed in this report need to be deleted.
In fact, the weight on the shipment is listed as XXXX lb., while I ordered a 70+ lb.
You cant threaten me like this?!
XX/XX/XXXX til XX/XX/XXXX, I paid {$650.00} x 8= {$5200.00}.
I lost my house in XXXX.
As I have previously reported, my debit card was not in my possession and all these actions that I have described above as well as my activity throughout that weekend can be further confirmed by a friend who was visiting with me in my home and who remained in order to provide transportation to my bank on Tuesday. 


These creditors have made offers to settle, but Navient itself will not work with me on repayment plans.
my thought is that this scam may be further reaching than just this one guy.
The Amex XXXX and Customer service line have been of no help and I still have money in there I need to pay rent food medication etc. 


When my first statement arrives, the credit is nowhere to be found.
This process was supposed to bring my account current with my lender " Equity Resources, Inc.
The 45 days promised came and went.
They are required to provide the original contract agreeing to pay this amount bearing my signature Provide / prove that the limitations had not expired this account Show that they are licensed to collect in my state Validation must include pay off disclosure Interest rate disclosure Balance history Payment history Credit insurance
In my earlier statement I told the CFPB and the rep from convergent that this inaccurate bill is negatively influencing my career, as maintaining good credit is a requirement.   
Doing so would prevent financialdisaster for many customers if their nonbank institution were to ever gobankrupt.
But today this XXXX got me and wanted to get me to pay despite my repeated attempts to ascertain the nature of the call.
In accordance with the Fair Credit Reporting act XXXX  Account # XXXX XXXX XXXX, has violated my rights. 


I TOLD THE XXXX, how I was injured on my job, how I paid over XXXX XXXX dollars, for a house that was deemed unlivable, because of the Structural Integrity of the roof collapsing, infestation of XXXX mold, mildew, and termites, I notified Ocwen Mortgage Company, now NewRez/PHH Mortgage, I was told that unfortunately nothing could be done, I was told on several occasions, that because my ex husband XXXX, was the primary borrower, that I could not do anything LEGALLY IN MY POWER, I WAS FORCED TO FILE FOR CHAPTER XXXX BANKRUPTCY PROTECTION ON XX/XX/XXXX.
( c ) Authority to decline or rescind.
This adverse action continues to hurt my XXXX XXXX, no matter what I have done to prove this injustice.
Well I went to apply for a payday loan from ace Cash express and I ended up getting denied and when i received the email stating why it said that profile didn't match first name and that my social security number was registered as deceased.
On approximately XX/XX/XXXX
So they need to eat the cost and get off my back!
Such notice shall contain the name, address, and telephone number of each consumer reporting agency from which the consumer information was obtained for resale.
These tool place on XX/XX/XXXX, XX/XX/XXXX, XX/XX/XXXX but went thru on XX/XX/XXXX yet they refuse to stay to the claim were referring too.
I look forward to an apology at least.   
so i paid it.
I have 4 accounts total, 1 on Experian, 2 on XXXX and 1 on XXXX   which have been closed satisfactorily, except for a couple of late payments that I not only informed creditors of, but also caught back up with before the time that has been reported.
I am seeking support from you, and your department to and help me find a solution and document these complaints.
XX/XX/XXXX tried to disputed information from an collections agency that was included in bankruptcy that was discharged XX/XX/2020 by the state Of Maryland.
My problem is that they don't want to release the reason why they denied me the loan.
I failed to answer those questions because I have never heard of those peoples names and last names.
Ive attempted to reach out to the banks and I was told to submit a letter to the credit companies which Ive done.
I am doing this on my own behalf and really need someone to help me with this.
I thought this sounded great.
I 've written the credit bureaus as well as LJ Ross.
It is your mistake and you have to reopen it.
She advised me to email Freedom over the weekend with my concerns, which I complied : " Dea r Freedom Mortgage Customer Care, Per the receipt of a letter dat ed   XXXX   denying our request for PMI Removal and multiple phone calls with your Customer Service  Representatives , I am writing to dispute the following : Due to lengthy delays on the part of  Freedom Mo rtgage, this process has gone on for  XXXX  months now ( we started the initial request in  XXXX   XXXX  ).     
Not only was my navy federal acct compromised, 3 of my other accounts were compromised as well.
Letter received by ERC in an attempt for account removal from XXXX report XX/XX/XXXX :
I sent a validation letter on XX/XX/XXXX and to date, I have not heard back.
I waited a week and tried again.
I have health insurance, so why would they not already have this information on file?
XXXX XXXX XXXX # XXXX
The cfpb needs to start protecting consumer rights against the arbitrary scores the credit bureaus determine that results in serious financial impact to the consumer.
Their PHONE NUMBERS DO NOT PROVIDE ANY WAY TO REACH A PERSON nor do they have any option for unlocking.
15 U.S.C 1681 Section 604
This violates the Fair Credit Reporting ACT which I have made them aware of numerous times.
.activated on the day it was mailed ... 

I was told that the automatic payment was going to start XXXX/XXXX/16.
15 U.S.C 1681 section 604 A section 2 : It also states a consumer reporting agency can not furnish a account without my written instructions.
Waited till Friday XX/XX/XXXX hoping the funds will be deposited on any day. 

I do not understand why they are abusing consumers
Or, else we won't be able to help you out. 




From Bank
I did not make any transactions such as payments or purchases with any of these accounts.
I have no knowledge of ever knowingly acknowledging ( or even unknowingly doing so ) that I owe any proven and compliantly reported debt, much less the claim of unproven debt alleged in this written declaration CHECKING for not only VALIDITY of CLAIMS but also DOCUMENT PROOF IN CERTIFIABLE TESTIMONY as to the factual and complete COMPLIANCE to all standards and laws, even the mandatory Metro 2 Format Compliance.
He did not send me the email that he said he would send me.
Please help.
Several months went by then I received a letter that my account went into default reminding me that I had registered for classes but never started any work in them.
My information was also impacted by the XXXX data breach and may have got into the hands of the wrong person.
I have CONTACTED THE CREDIT BUREAU on multiple occasions regarding discrepancies on my account and they failed to comply with my demands, I am contacting you CFPB because pursuant to 15 USC 1681n ( b ) ( 2 ) I am a consumer and natural person and XXXX, XXXX and Transunion owes me {$1000.00} per violation, for willful non compliance.
My ex-boyfriend,  XXXX   XXXX , had been  XXXX ,   XXXX   and   XXXX   XXXX   to me while I was living with him at this property.
They are supposed to be protecting consumers.
Credit agency has not removed inquiries in question.
I contacted Wells Fargo to complain about their practice of taking funds out of our checking account several days prior to the authorized date, causing our account at times to be overdrawn.
They know that pushing their Loan Consultants to get conditional approvals in order to achieve unrealistic goals while asking demeaning questions about consumer 's sexualities can lead to situations like this, where consumers like myself are now scrambling to figure out how they are going to afford the house they believed they would be moving into.
I made 4 late payments based off of financial hardships, banking errors and medical problems.
If I were at fault 100 % or didnt have the funds, I wouldnt be asking for your help.     
I was in the process of applying for new employment and it was brought to my attention that there is some inaccurate information reporting on my credit report.
It is effect in all of the 50 States.
No one notified me or my parent?
I still have not heard anything and it has been 6 weeks since that discussion.

After 2 and 1/2 months or more I still do not know what to do or who to go to or even if I should pay them.
It is a large amount of money XXXX and it seems nobody can help. 



That was after attempting to contact XXXX more than 21 times.
I fully authorize this notice and compliance.
NO PAYMENTS MADE.
Letters had Bank of America letterhead but an address which is not a B of A address and an XXXX number which is unknown to the real B of A. I do have multiple accounts with B of A.
The two month timeline given was XX/XX/XXXX. 


While filing my claim with my bank I asked several questions, which revealed that even though I was a victim of fraud/scam, I would be provided no protections because I authorized the transaction.
collection agency is attempting to collect a debt that is not mine and I do no owe.
( 6 ) Failure to transmit the statement required under section XXXX ( b ) of this title to the last address of the obligor which has been disclosed to the creditor, unless that address was furnished less than XXXX days before the end of the billing cycle for which the statement is required.
Upon the receipt of the documents herein and of this notice, you are now hereby notified Pursuant UCC 1-202f.
On the XXXX of XXXX, 2021, I sent out a letter requesting XXXX XXXX and Bull City Financial Services to validate a medical collection item for {$380.00}. 


And Creditor can not accurately validate Account.
I disputed this debt with Portfolio Recovery about a credit card that was discharged by XXXX.
Navient is processing the payments and each payment is going to interest nothing to principal balance.
Same message when trying to call customer service.
( 3 ) Notice In carrying out its obligation under paragraph ( 2 ), the reseller shall promptly provide a notice to the consumer of the decision to block the file.
My right was violated as per FCRA 611 ( a ) ( 8 ) these accounts should be promptly deleted and I should receive a phone call or have written confirmation.


I refinanced my mortgage to a 15 year fixed with XXXX XXXX of XXXX.
Then Experian disputes my XXXX  XXXX XXXX  XXXX  which all of my open stuff is exceptional it says everyone is on auto pay and I have had them for like 7 years they disputed that under identity theft so everything I want you throw out and everything that's not supposed to be there you keep,
IT IS SO UNFAIR TO ME BECAUSE I FEEL LIKE I'M
I ordered a shirt from a small online store XXXX.
How can I pay them?
I requested the removal of inquiries i did not authorize
The debt belongs to my father.
They " apologized '' for the misinformation from the representative that advised me of this.
I had to go and cancel a refrigerator and also look for somewhere else to live because i had giving up my rental home to move to this location.
Even claimed he was reading the results to my tests however, I have other doctors that ordered them and they had already read them.
I am unable to upload the photos of the account payment history as they are too large.
That was after attempting to contact XXXX more than 21 times.
Well i get my XXXX XXXX
Both their checks cleared within the one business day.
The payments were only {$XXXX} which included escrow.
I have been told 3 months ago to make trial payments which were significantly lower ( and supposed to be right on to new payment, minus escrow ), and I was told to totally ignore all letters coming to house because they are so-called computer generated and they do n't know what I am on as far as trial period.
XXXX XXXX claims that the transaction was valid, but I disagree.
I paid {$11.00} with my Macys money.
( Copied from AFFIDAVIT** )
I already have sent a dispute with the credit bureaus demanding to make an investigation and delete these items on my report but I have not received any response and this is a violation of my rights.
On my response to provide me the proof of necessary activity they are going to charge me for ( Painting, Carpet replacement )
USAA DOCUMENTATION DOES NOT PROVIDE PROOF OF USAA ALLEGATIONS ITEMS WERE DELIVERED INTO MY HANDS *
Today, XX/XX/XXXX I called and spoke with XXXX who told me the check was sent XX/XX/XXXX and the amount.
is it any way or what i can do to solve my problem?
That was after attempting to contact XXXX more than XXXX times.
We tried to resolve it but then, on XX/XX/2018, I again received notifications claiming that more payments were disputed and were being refunded, totaling another {$1300.00}, for a sum total of {$4500.00} between the two days.
This bill was ( supposedly ) originally from XXXX
The problem has not been resolved.
TransUnion has low and unfair credit number for me in their report.
XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX  XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX ( XXXX XXXX ( Original Creditor : XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX ) XXXX
on XX/XX/XXXX, I filed a claim for fraudulent transaction, filled out the paperwork and sent it back to Chime 's claim department.
The list of accounts below has violated my federally protected consumer rights to privacy and confidentiality under 15 USC 1681. 


The mortgage company sued my mother and put my name in the documents.now I have a foreclosure on my credit report.my name is not on the deed or anything connected to the home.they were instructed by the judge to remove my name in 2019 and haven't
They are a result of ID theft.
For purposes of this subsection, if a consumer reporting agency rescinds a block, the presence of information in the file of a consumer prior to the blocking of such information is not evidence of whether the consumer knew or should have known that the consumer obtained possession of any goods, services, or money as a result of the block.
And it said google refunded it but there is no trace of it being refunded back to Mastercard ending in XXXX XXXX I need my money now ...
but they had a recovery team that did that I said fine
Under these regulations, furnishers must complete an investigation within 30 days ( or 45 days, if the consumer later provides relevant additional information ) unless the dispute is frivolous or irrelevant or comes from a credit repair organization.
so I did in the amount of {$8000.00}.
My minimum due is supposed to only be {$25.00}, but now they are making me pay {$70.00} total.
Not so. 

IT HAS NOW BEEN OVER 30 DAYS, I FILED A 30 DAY DEMAND TO COMPLY WITH THE CREDIT BUREAUS AND STILL HAVE YET TO RECEIVE ANY RESPONSE. 


XXXX is now saying they have done all they can do and the credit bureaus are just not updating.
I have been dealing with identity thrift for almost 2 years now with mis use of my information and fraudulent information on my credit reports I have reached out to credit companies multiple times for dispute I have tried disputing on my own no help I would like these fraudulent information off of my credit reports
I have been working with a representative from XXXX ( her name is XXXX ) and she is working diligently trying to resolve this reporting error of late payments.
I am very highly disappointed in Citi 's actions.
I was not granted forebearance as was required.
When calling Equifax , I asked to conference call one of the creditors.
XXXX letter dated XXXX/XXXX/XXXX (!!
They attempted to mail a notice they said, but it was to our old home address so I never received the notices.
XXXX XXXX and I agreed to a 36 month lease with me XXXX/XXXX/2006. 

So I am hoping you can help me with this problem cause it really should be deleted because its been over 60days now.
While talking to XXXX he stated that the itemized bill was from the creditor and the address was verified as a different address from the one on the bill that was sent to me via Wakefield and associates.
XXXX XXXX ( Original Creditor : XXXXXXXX XXXX XXXX  )
They have also claim that the interest and fees on this loan grows daily and legal action will be made to collect this so-called debt.
I'll wait for you next response.
They ignored my do not call letter. 


During the month of XX/XX/2022 Navy Federal Credit Union began to exercise a right of offset on my bank account.
I am having a very difficult time with Rushmore XXXX.
Further, I certify that I am permitted by FEDERAL and STATE LAW to file this dispute.
Im not looking to have you verify my name and address.
I may dispute any collection agency that maintains that they are attempting to collect a debt, either for an original creditor I may have had an association with, or if the collection agency maintains that they have acquired the debt.
CAPITAL ONE Account Number : XXXX
However I will not be able to succeed in making this happen because Select Portfilo ( XXXX lien holder ) has to sign off on the agreement in order for this to happen.
and then I called the bank and explained to them what happened and that I didn't want the loan anymore.
I spoke to XXXX and they confirmed the payment went to the account number ( XXXX ) and not the payee name ( See attachment : XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX  payment.pdf for the Note to Payee information from XXXX. )
I HEREBY RESCIND MY SIGNATURE AND DO NOT CONSENT TO THIS CONTRACT WITH YOUR CORPORATE OFFICE. 

And I finally figured out : 1.
Again, I do have a witness who can testimony as to my activity and further support my denial that the circumstances described in claim 4 occurred in the first place.


Once the lease was presented, she then faxed a letter head to NCS stating that they had no rental history on record for XXXX XXXX to National Credit Systems.
In accordance with the fair credit Reporting act XXXX  XXXX XXXX XXXXXXXX has violated my rights 15 USC 1681 Section 602 states I have the right to privacy 15 USC 1681 Section 604
3 I have tried numerous times to get this taken off my credit report and this company has done nothing to try and get this resolved. 


By XX/XX/XXXX I saw in my credit card statement another charge for {$190.00}.
All the customer service representatives told me that there is still no response to this.
I found another position with another company making half of what I was making at {$56000.00} annually plus commission.
An employee by the name of XXXX confirmed that it was. 


I was not late from XXXX to XX/XX/XXXX.
This is not accurate, therefore this should be remove.
There are XXXX entries under the public records for this dispute on my credit report.
Since XXXX, Citi has cancelled this functionality.
Further violating my consumer rights.
I called back on the XX/XX/XXXX and spoke with a supervisor that assured me that the problem would be fixed in 24 hours.
A Section 2 : It also states a consumer reporting agency can not furnish a account without my written instructions 15 U.S.C 1681c.
XXXX XXXX XX/XX/2022
Today, XX/XX/XXXX, two different mortgage lenders tried to pull my equifax credit report but were unable to.
They did not respond or send proper documentation.
Because of my disgust at this, I paid the entire balance off last month, a matter of about {$340.00}. 


I spoke to an agent for XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX in XX/XX/XXXX who informed me about the sale of the vehicle.
I contacted the XXXX XXXX XXXX  and they contacted CapitalOne.
15 U.S.C 1681 Section 604A Sec.2, states a consumer agency can not furnish an account without my written instructions.
I sent an email to XXXX XXXX on XX/XX/XXXX regarding the tax issue.
As someone in the industry, that fully understands the complications and increase in volume we have seen over the past year and the additional obstacles with COVID, I have been patient and attempted to resolve these issues on my own.
I called back again and spoke with XXXX XXXX and she asked if I knew the person they were calling for.
XXXX Balance : {$300.00} ; XXXX XXXX Date of Inquiry : XX/XX/XXXX ; XXXX  Date of Inquiry : XX/XX/XXXX ; XXXX  Date of Inquiry : XX/XX/XXXX ; XXXX Date of Inquiry : XX/XX/XXXX
I never had any credit with  XXXX   XXXX , so I called TransUnion on   XXXX   XXXX   XXXX   XXXX   to fix the issue.
The account is for a credit card from 2007.
This account was dealt with and removed from my XXXX and XXXX reports but the two times I've disputed attempted to dispute this account with Experian, they have updated it.
Following about 10 minutes of silence, I got a busy signal and I hung up.
The dispute items do not belong to me.
I was then referred to Chase card services where I tried to file a claim with a supervisor to be compensated for the points that I used in the redemption and received a letter today stating that I will have to contact Chase XXXX servicing center for a resolution, the same department that brushed me off originally claiming the matter is out of their hands.
Prestige Financial is set up on auto draft.
There are still fraudulent accounts that XXXX, XXXX  and Experian continue to report to my credit and I am filing my lawsuit against XXXX, XXXX and Experian today!
No details were provided, including the date of sale or the asset in question. 

I pay the same way every month with the lender 's mobile app in good faith.
Few weeks later, the bank reversed the provisional credit, and decided the dispute in the merchant favor, and ( unfairly ) let the merchant to keep the money and the goods. 


I am very concerned about the validity and accuracy of your recent investigations.
These backtracks only happen after Wells burdens me to complain and escalate those complaints before they act.
On XX/XX/XXXX I called back.
DELETE ...
Except as provided in paragraph ( 3 ), the term consumer report does not include ( A ) subject to section 1681s3 of this title, any report containing information solely as to transactions or experiences between the consumer and the person making the report.
Here are the details of the late payment accounts, company name, balance & date last reported : XXXX XXXX/ {$240000.00} / XX/XX/2022
As of XX/XX/XXXX, Coinbase failed to follow-up with an update.
What's also strange is they did send me an email the day the account was closed saying that a change was made to my credit ( as part of their XXXX XXXX XXXX   ) but that it didn't affect my credit.
Whenever I tried to call back because the late payments were n't removed, I was told to be patient.
Yours faithfully, XXXX XXXX XXXX
I was informed that I had not paid my XXXX XXXX quarterly state tax payment by the Franchise Tax Board in XXXX XXXX.
She kept going on about since i filed a report of fraud that has to remain on their to let creditors know that fraud could happen if they open an account.
I did send the photo id to western union after a couple days and western union said they approved and money was available to the receiver.
I am requesting that this alleged debt be removed from all of my credit files due to the illegal practices of failing to provide valididation of the debt within 30 days of receipt of validation request.
They also advised that once a claim is filed, one would have ONE YEAR to satisfy the documentation requirement, in clear contradiction from what WF CLAIMED! 

I fought back and forth with XXXX XXXX and XXXX to make sure this error on XXXX 's part did not adversely affect my credit score.
A complaint was sent to the Better Business Bureau as the account remains on my credit report
They are also reporting that this account is closed.
That means Equifax has NOT complied with the FairCredit Reporting Act law and continued to report inaccurate information on my credit report.
As the XXXX is less than a year old, it would still be covered under XXXX 's limited warranty, which would allow for a free replacement.
This is so annoying & frustrating.
Account opened XX/XX/XXXX Estimated date of last payment XX/XX/XXXX As of XX/XX/XXXX the principal amount of {$11000.00} had been paid, remaining Principal Balance {$620.00}.
Finally, in XXXXXXXX XXXX XXXXXXXX, the bank raised my escrow amount but failed to notify me.
I had an old account through XXXX XXXX that was sent to collection and eventually purchased by the debt collection agency Midland Credit Management.
This is Bad Business practices by HSBC Bank.
See attachment delivered to XXXX XXXX on XX/XX/2022 at XXXX am, delivered by USPS confirmation # XXXX, regarding account # XXXX
THERE ( i THOUGHT AT LEAST ) SUPPORT TO PROTECT MY MONEY AND MY ACCOUNT.CORRECT?
I have been enrolled in a payment plan with Discover on XX/XX/XXXX since being laid off from my job in XX/XX/XXXX and depleting my savings.
This is my fourth letter submitted to you informing you that I am a victim of identity theft and I complain to question certain records in my file coming about because of some inattention.
I just needed to do a police report first before moving forward.
What they did is try to make difficulties to their clients and force them to eat lose and abandon consumer rights.
The check had the wrong business address and didn't have the authority to cash such a big amount.
TransUnion has reported a discharged Bankruptcy Chapter XXXX from 2012 that has an incorrect State and address.
I have not received the rejected {$950000.00} wire transfer back in my XXXX XXXX XXXX account ( and it isn't in my Gemini account either ). 


The bank representative at Bank of America said that I would receive a new card in the mail in 7-10 days.
But she did not accepted my explanation and keep harassing me and my family threatening me verbally and unjustly for a claim that I have no idea about it
That they flat-refuse to believe me, is unconscionable given their marketing claims that the protect against fraud.
Yet ...
I have payments that have to be paid by the XXXX and because of whatever is going on with Wells Fargo, it appears I have to pay these creditors even though it was not in my budget. 

I was connected and after speaking with them, I was informed that I do n't have a Freeze that it 's an issue with XXXX XXXX.
Somebody was requesting a {$6.00} refund for something i have no idea what it was for.
Identity Theft XXXX XXXXXXXX Account Number : XXXX Delete this account. 

Last month I was charged {$25.00} of interest and this is impacting my FICO score.
When I contacted the apartment complex after I noticed a change on my credit report showing this debt, they had no information to give me besides to contact the creditor to file a dispute.
I later discovered thru XXXX XXXX, that they had pulled 6 hard inquiries.
So at this point Im going on 3 months of XXXX blaming XXXX XXXX, XXXX XXXX blaming XXXX and nothing getting fixed and no one is doing nothing to get it fixed, I am at a stale mate.
Now that I have paid the account off the historical data is hurting my credit file.
They had a totally different address on file then my address. 

However, I have not received any correspondence from XXXX either written or electronically.
I was told there would be a bill mailed to me and I waited for that. 

I notified Wells Fargo when I got a delinquency notice and the next month, XXXX 2015, they put my in foreclosure and returned 2.5 months of payments and stated I was now 5 months behind.
She did not tell me all the of the pitfalls of the annuity.
This all started on XXXX/XXXX/XXXX.
I have no missed payments and I am recently divorced as of XX/XX/2022, the judge reduced the amount of the payments and eliminated all arrear payments.
Please help.
( 3 ) [ 1681g ].
If you did please provide their names and information.
FDCPA I fail to see where XXXX XXXX is in compliance with OHIO LAW.
According to Shellpoint Mortgage 's instruction/ payoff letter dated XX/XX/2022 ( attached -4 ), I have been settled and fully paid on XX/XX/2022 by XXXX payment before date of XX/XX/2022.
Please honor the Fereral Trade Commission guildlines.
XXXX continues to report inaccurate on my Experian file as XXXX charged-off accounts.
The payments on the loan are so high almost unpayable I have defaulted.
It is not acceptable to treat these reporting accounts as unconfirmed information without producing proof within the legal time range.
On these subscribers that are reporting the affixed information, I am requesting full validation such as, original transfer rights to collect, confirmation of legal timeline to report on credit and/or collection procedures, validation of licensing requirements, posted bonding requirements, oversight on monthly payment histories, proper subscriber agreement compliance with credit reporting agencies, and overall compliance with all Fair Credit Reporting Act and Fair Debt Collection Practices Act bylaws as mandated by federal laws.
I would appreciate a timely response outlining the steps that will occur to resolve this matter.
I spoke to a different XXXX who gave me a reference number of XXXX and an email to send my official bank statements to via email.
complaints@oportun.com and-
We received our mail every other week from the mail service that we used.
She said she could also see the note where he told me I would not receive any further calls until after XX/XX/XXXX.
XXXX XXXX is XXXX months pregnant and has had to rent cars or walk to work and stores for over XXXX MONTHS.
A wire recall was supposedly requested by Bank of America as requested by XXXX XXXX over 6 weeks ago. 


On XX/XX/2015, I sent a cashier 's check to the lien holder.
XX/XX/XXXX ]
In following days through back and forth with customer service I learned that my payment was accepted on XX/XX/XXXX
transunion is an abusive company.
-
IN THIS SITUATION BECAUSE OF SOMEONE ELSE 'S SELFISH WAYS
yes it 's early
XXXX XX/XX/XXXX On XXXX XX/XX/XXXX my wife XXXX
My next step will be to consult with an attorney if this is not resolved.
I was ready to start paying them when a friend of mine told me that what they were doing may be illegal.
I confirmed the purchase through the fraud text alert and my card worked again moments later.
 
XXXX has low and unfair credit number for me in their report.
XXXX XXXX used an old Synchrony bank Furniture account for value city.
so how did they verify this account? 


I would like this to be removed entirely for all XXXX bureaus on my credit and investigated.
later on they billed me in XXXX different chargers and the XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX.
XXXX Romy sends a message to someone ( not sure what department or whom ) who tells her that " Charge-off 's should have been able to help ''
A person shall not furnish any information relating to a consumer to any consumer reporting agency if the person knows or has reasonable cause to believe that the information is inaccurate. 


They did n't submit my application and denied my request to submit it.
and I want to move from here of 45 yrs in crete  the fees the intrest rates the highest unfair billing and late response what else????
I called to close an account and they said it was closed however the account is still open they just removed my access from the account. 

This XX/XX/XXXX month, I was charged almost {$60.00} in interest that should not be there.
I have never spoken to my assigned home preservation specialist, who has recently changed names. 


Someone fraudulently opened an account with XXXX XXXX / XXXX in XXXX of 2019.
She stated on a recorded line that per the agreement for XXXX, I had to pay {$1000.00} to " Secure '' my account.
You stated in the 10th paragraph that I " elected to complete financing with XXXX Mortgage Solutions to receive the sellers incentive towards the closing costs.
XXXX  XXXX :
I have no knowledge of this and All is being investigated by the FTC.
I've never had an account with this company!
visited the bank to ask about status of {$100.00} checking promo.
Minimum {$2400.00} billed services/ day.
I am not aware of that policy since Shellpoint did NOT notify me of this!
Seeing as how there was nothing he could do nor did he seem interested in helping me, I asked to speak to a superior or their customer relations department.


15 U.S.C. 1681S-2 ( a ) ( 1 )
Lastly and additionally predatory, is that because of this promotion on {$390.00}, Barclays will not allow me to enter a program to address the 29.99 % interest on {$7000.00} balance.
They said that the lists were rare and only so many were available.
XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXXXXXX XXXX XXXX Opened XXXX.
I am just disputing the amount.
I filed a police report which detailed the auto theft ( separate case number ) and the theft of my wallet, phone, cards, etc.
I have documented proof but EQUIFAX and XXXX will not allow me to upload the documents online.
I don't have a house.
Ive spoken to a lady name XXXX who was rude on the phone saying you people always want to complain and she hung up!
I request that all the 3 credit beureaus delete XXXX from my credit file. 


On XX/XX/XXXX I had my credit run and on the report there was a Collection Item.
I sent my initial validation request to them to in XX/XX/2019 certified mail and received a response back from them dated XX/XX/2019 that the 3 item on my collection report were validated (XXXX XXXX, XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX).
I was told there was no penalty for early payoff or selling my vehicle.
Kindly confirm receipt of this email. 


Filename not specified. 

I have attached documentation of my XXXX bills showing the charge on my XX/XX/XXXX statement and it was paid in XXXX but the account was submitted to collections in XX/XX/XXXX.
For 2 years I had autopay set up, but that was somehow turned off due to an error on their website they do n't claim responsibility for.
Barclays is not offering me any way to take advantage of this promotion by allowing me to pay it off prior to XX/XX/XXXX.
I filed a complaint XXXX-XXXX with the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau on XX/XX/2018.
Furthermore the reporting they were factoring as my " FICO, '' was in fact a pull that coincided with their own FICO reporting from XXXX that still showed on their Mobil App.
I have attached the FTC report and my driver license below
I have been currently paying the amount of {$530.00} per month for a XXXX XXXX XXXX on time each month.
This was 4 days after calling and notifying them of their mistakes.
More than enough time to not even be reporting.
I was out of work and unable to make payments.
I also feel enraged.
The loan was then transferred to LoanCare.
This is beyond unacceptable in the financial industry.
FIRST DUE DATE and AMOUNT Per letter states : indicates where I can send pmt after XX/XX/2021 *****THIS IS CONSIDER FRAUD I DID NOT receive a letter from Wells Fargo WHEN to stop accepting payment from me-ALSO FRAUD All I recd from WF is a Escrow shortage ... sounds like a set up to immediately become delinquent with a corrected monthly mortg pmt Mortgage renewal XX/XX/2021 current pmt XXXX ****Did not receive a statemnt of the transfer will not affect any terms and conditions of my mortgage from SERVICER and Wells Fargo from OWNER , LENDER, ORGINATOR and SERVICER with all info listed above My payments are set up auto with Wells Fargo and a week is unacceptable and not enough time --
The accounts that are being disputed, does not belong to me.
I suggest they never call me again!
Can we close on the loan at anytime going forward?
Furthermore, the email that was sent to me said I Could request what information lead them to determine that there was no fraud.
Something is wrong with Transunion.
On XX/XX/XXXX, SPS transferred {$1900.00} to XXXX XXXX for our homeowners insurance that they labeled as hazard insurance In XXXX, we moved our servicing of our homeowners insurance to XXXX XXXX and informed XXXX  XXXX that we would be paying directly to XXXX XXXX to earn discounts as we arranged all our insurance needs under one umbrella.
( a ) ( 5 ) Section States : no consumer reporting agency may make any consumer report containing any of the following items of information Any other adverse item of information, other than records of convictions of crimes which antedates the report by more than seven years. 


Equifax was negligent in updating open source software.

Police report and Identity Theft victim 's Affidavit were filed and mailed to the banking institutions, Consumer Financial Protection Bureau and OCC. 


This is willful neglegence.
I have made all attempts to resolve this matter and will need further assistance.
I also provided links to direct them to articles that showed in detail the type of scam these clinics are running.
XXXX XXXX ( aka XXXX XXXX ) - balance is showing as {$480.00}, XXXX XX/XX/XXXX, opened XX/XX/XXXX XX/XX/XXXX
Had I not made a trip to XXXX XX/XX/XXXX and borrowed money from family and friends they would have been well on their way to evicting me.
However, there is still a hard inquiry on my credit report from someone who attempted to open an account with Citizens bank on XX/XX//22.
Once XXXX XXXX ( whom I have never had contact with or have a contract with ) received notice of my disputing this account with them, they sent me a letter concerning this previously deleted unverified account.
They have 105 complaints on XXXX.
I had NO recourse, no one would listen, no one cared, no one provided advice.
Prior to Vehicle Being repossessed 3 large payments were made through money gram withing a month to bring the account current.
Im attaching the required FTC Report for you and the bank 's records ( learned through more research both parties require ).
On XX/XX/XXXX, I had {$980.00} in my account, which is more than enough to cover the payment.
Experian sent me a letter refusing to conduct an investigation of errors on my credit report because they said the letter was suspicious.
I have always made my payments on time.
I am requesting that the 2 Public Records concerning Bankruptcy be DELETED and my name is correct in my credit accounts according to REAL ID ACT involving that correct spelling of my name on my state Drivers License, legal Name Change, Police Report, FTC Affidavit Notarized, and Social Security Administration letter showing my SSN was used as Identity Theft, which is a federal crime. 


They 've been told numerous times they are not contacting the correct person.
All accounts all the time paid in full for all the balances.
THE CONSUMER IS DISPUTING MUST BE DELTED UNTIL FURTHER INVESTIGATION ...
Nordstroms TR Bank USA : They have multiple times stated that its been verified but they havent shown me any documentation to assist in where to dispute next.
I hand up the phone call back and have to explain the entire sistuation again and she puts the request in and tells me the same thing the previous representive said as far as my credit.
If I knew they were the new servicers before I would of right away started a loan modification packet and would of started to work with CARRINGTON MORTGAGE SERVICES. 


A day or so after our call, Quicken Loan told us the paperwork never arrived.
I am also requesting a full refund for the following dates : XXXX XXXX {$120.00}, XX/XX/XXXX {$120.00}, XX/XX/XXXX {$120.00}, XX/XX/XXXX {$120.00} I am requesting these refunds because your phone reps deceived me.
The total job was XXXX less the deposit of {$2100.00}, less {$570.00} ( wood replacement - which was not done ), the total should have been {$1400.00}, when the glazing was complete.
I have sent them and the credit bureaus more th an 4 letters  requesting verification which they have refused to provide me.
As well as allow my credit report to pull to ger a XXXX XXXX a home.
I have very low credit utilization.
Firstly, I would like to point out that I am being penalized unfairly by a financial institution whose actions described herein appear to be at best arbitrary and at worst discriminatory.
I'm really not sure what happened.
There is also a two factor authorization needed from XXXX XXXX unique to my XXXX to sign in to my Coinbase account that was bypassed.
They also violated my rights under 15 U.S.C 1681 Section 604 A Section 2 : The law clearly states a consumer reporting agency can not furnish an account without my written instructions.
Account is inaccurate.
I explained my situation of switching jobs and being a victim of XXXX which led to a custody battle that led to me having to come out of pocket for attorney fees.
Bank of America, and particularly XXXX XXXX, continue to demonstrate that they are knowingly and intentionally engaging in illegal conduct and practices, and they have not done their due diligence to act as they said and to investigate my complaints of harassment and unwelcomed contact from XXXX XXXX.
Today i got my Experian credit teport and again XXXX inquiries not authorized by me.
After calling several times someone answered and gave the company name before hanging up yet again. 


I belive that these requests were made just to avoid answering me, because I submitted my identity information with the dispute.
I discovered that some of the information on my credit report was incorrect when I reviewed it.
Support has 0 clue what this ID number is.
Do not owe this amount to whoever AFNI Debt Collection Company that represents XXXX XXXX.
This was for me to go to my daughters wedding and if I dont get the money back I will not be able to go to her wedding.
On XX/XX/2021 I received an email from XXXX XXXX of TrueAccord, claiming that they were attempting to collect a {$3700.00} debt supposedly owed by me to XXXX XXXX XXXX.
On XXXX/XXXX/XXXX I ordered it and made a transaction by online using XXXX system with total price {$110.00} on my credit card.
No consent is identity theft.
On XX/XX/XXXX, I mailed Equifax an identity theft affidavit, police report and other documents to 1 ) verify my identity and 2 ) address fraud that was found on my report. 


c-
.This is crazy as they ( Fay ) have not fixed all of the issues. ....
If you do not respond within this time period, per the FCRA, you must remove this negative information.
Please correct the information as soon as possible, thank you.
Congress later enacted reforms to student loan disclosures and prohibited certain practices.
I was told there was no documentation in my folder nor any such form being sent out.
I paid way over the amount i owed to keep my accoubts open.
I am not sure why this is happening and why Wells Fargo is implementing such process.
I was not notified of this until XX/XX/XXXX and was only notified of 3 charges.
I called and spoke with a banking representative and was told that my deposit were made after XXXX pm XXXX XXXX and as such would not be processed until today.
The only reason given for denying the claim was because I made a purchase the same day at XXXX XXXX ( the cafeteria in the building I work it ) the same day and since that was also in XXXX, VA I must have made the purchase at the XXXX XXXX.
Please forward the information to Citi.
The endorsed partial duplicate of the Application and MPN financial aid document on its own is not an unconditional promise to pay, since the financial aid applicant may possibly not collect any loan at all, or may obtain the loan in the future at an unidentified point in time, in which circumstances the loan amount will be disclosed to the debtor in the Notice of Loan Guarantee and Disclosure Statement.
Every rime I call netspend they keep me on hold saying they are going to call me back i n two days.
Truist Bank XXXX # XXXX Phone #
The below information in my credit profile is having damaging effects on my credit standing.
XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX sent bill to collections rather then VA Administration
A consumer reporting agency may decline to block, or may rescind any block, of information relating to a consumer under this section, if the consumer reporting agency reasonably determines that ( A ) the information was blocked in error or a block was requested by the consumer in error ; ( B ) the information was blocked, or a block was requested by the consumer, on the basis of a material misrepresentation of fact by the consumer relevant to the request to block ; or ( C ) the consumer obtained possession of goods, services, or money as a result of the blocked transaction or transactions.
Please have these unauthorized inquiries removed from my credit report within 10 days, as it is harming my ability to obtain new credit.
THEY ARE NOT IN NY AND IT IS CONSIDERABLY EXPENSIVE TO SEE A LAWYER, AMERICAN CONSULATE ... 

Its been over 30 days since I disputed the inaccuracies and I never received a response from Transunion.
My mortgage loan originated with XXXX XXXX, but was sold to Green Tree.
When I investigated my credit report, I realized that some of the accounts was erroneous.
I noticed some unusually high number credit inquiries on my credit profile on XX/XX/XXXX.
I NEED ASSISTANCE ...
When the war on energy occurred I had attempted to sell the property but there were no buyers to be had in an area of rapidly declining population followed by tenants with a less than stellar interest in caring for that which belongs to others and my inability to drive down from my primary residence about 4 hours away to make repairs and keep contractors to their promises resulting in freezing conditions from a homeless individual breaking in and turning on the water and with no heat.
However the bank blatantly disregarded my instructions and renewed my CD and is now attempting to charge me an early withdrawal fee to access my funds
So basically at this point I dont have my money and that person could have performed a perfect fraud to me and the bank is not protecting my assets correctly cause all they tell me is there is nothing they can do.
They confirmed no records found. 

It was clear during the process of me filing the fraud complaint that me getting my {$420.00} back was more than likely not going to be the outcome.
They were given XXXX in XXXX.
XXXX/XXXX XXXX
Can this company try to collect a debt, real or unreal after so many years?
XXXX asked for date of return and related tracking numbers to verify, but XXXX could not provide.
chase will not request it to happen..
Then, there is a note further down that doesnt display a date next to it where Best Buy acknowledges the refund. 


I got a top secret clearance faster!
One in the amount of {$410000.00} and the other in the amount of $ XXXX.Shocked and furious Me
Portfolio Recovery Associates i s falsely validating a debt in the amount of {$1500.00}.
This serves to notify you on the inaccurate information on my credit report as per your file.
I opened a dispute back in XX/XX/2021 regarding an airfare with XXXX XXXX.
Because of the failure to comply with the provisions of this law we would therefore request that you investigate have each entity that was involved with the transfer of my loan to provide the servicing transfer letters that were sent to me including my signature of any RETURN RECEIPT REQUESTED certified mail that was sent to me. 


Under the FCRA, unverified accounts must be removed and if you are unable to provide me a copy of verifiable proof, you must remove the accounts listed below.
When I ask why I get told that it could be that my credit history is not too good.
This went back and forth for a minute with the debt collector arguing with me when I told her I am a legal assistant, it is the law they have to provide me validation in writing and that Alaska is a XXXX party state for phone conversation recording she ended the call.
Chapter XXXX Bankruptcy : Bankruptcy Rereference number : XXXX
I have been trying to personally remove inaccurate information from my consumer report that does not correctly represent myself.
The Privacy Act generally covers citizens and lawful permanent residents, but others have some protections.


However, the majority of what they sent, are not usable or do n't pertain to the requirements outlined by the State of Oregon in what was expected from the beneficiary. 

In accordance with the FCRA 2009 605 ( b ) ( 2 ) these accounts MUST be removed due to them being opened without my consent by someone who fraudulently obtained my information.
I was then advices to hire a Lawyer who charges $ XXXXhr and has not been of any help, but costing thousands.
However, they are coded as if I am currently past due in present day.
There is a bankruptcy filing that has appeared on my credit history during the origination of this credit card account.
i have almost no debt and my identity was stolen causing my score to drop XXXX i made this clear for XXXX  days straight with XXXX
We closed the Costco Anywhere Visa Card from Citi and waited for charges to clear.
They have not refunded my money.
The Doc. 
ID.Match.
We have spoken to several supervisors of billing department and dispute department who told us that they have no control over the dispute update which is supposed to be sent by the investigator who can not be reached by either us or Citi 's own supervisors of Billing and Dispute departments.


I have linked my XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX account to the Experian online
I'm gon na dispute the charge ( since it's not like you can find the payment anyways )
Transunion & XXXX is reporting inaccurate Information from XXXX XXXX XXXX.
OH XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX, NY XXXX Below is the requested documentation for my personal identification
7.
Their current way of business of only reporting delinquency, and not full performance, is not " reasonable ''.
Trans Union- forced me into a text service for customer support. 

On XX/XX/XXXX XXXX received my dispute letter as shown on Exhibit A. XXXX results show the accounts as verified and accurate.
I have no knowledge of this company or alleged debt.
the loans have different identification numbers yet I am forced to repay them online or by mail combined ...
On the following dates I had fraudulent charges placed on my Citi Double Cash credit card : XX/XX/2020 XXXX XXXX  XXXX CA Digital Account Number XXXX {$42.00} XX/XX/2020 XXXX XXXX  XXXX CA Digital Account Number XXXX {$170.00} XX/XX/2020 XXXX XXXX   XXXX CA Digital Account Number XXXX {$52.00} XX/XX/2020 XXXX XXXX XXXX CA {$41.00} XX/XX/2020 XXXX XXXX  
Since business was done with XXXX, at a prior date, and a payment was made, I am unable to dispute any additional transactions, despite the fact I did not make the first transaction with XXXX Especially since they used a mismatched address.
I was told that my situation would be escalated and someone would follow up.
ALSO, TO KNOW THAT I HAVE DONE EVERYTHING ON MY END BY THE BOOK AND TO SEE COMPLETE DISREGARD TO THE SECURITY OF MY PERSONAL INFORMATION AND FINANCIAL REPUTATION FROM ALL THREE OF THE BUREAUS THAT PLAY SUCH A BIG FACTOR IN HOW LENDERS, EMPLOYERS, AND EVEN SOME GOVERNMENT OFFICES VIEW ME. 

Validation of debts [ 15 USC 1692g ] ( c ) ).
On XXXX XXXX I received a call XXXX who received the CFPB complaint and she said they have until XXXX to finalize a modification.
I wrote to Suntrust about it and also filed a complaint here with the CFPB, and initially they refunded the   XX/XX/XXXX  month of unrequited statement fees but have since started charging me  XXXX  dollars a month for a service I have not requested.
( a ) Reinvestigations of Disputed Information.
XX/XX/XXXX I was only XXXX years old and it is impossible that I have any loans, which then denies me access to my credit report ; it says they are " unable to retreive my report at this time ''.
When I lost my husbands income I was unable to make full payments.
I sent a request for escrow account waiver XX/XX/XXXX and have not received a response about that either.
Please be advised that under 15 USC1681i ( 5 ) ( A ) of the FCRA you are required to promptly REPAIR all information which can not be verified. 


I asked for the additional payments to be refunded back to me.
I own my home outright and my XXXX  XXXX XXXX vehicle.
The banker finally filed paperwork concerning the appraisal but told us it would delay the close.
Paypal , Inc.
I am requesting a copy of that phone call where I said I did not want to keep my credit straight by doing this.
I am a victim of identity theft.
However, the furnisher is not subject to this general prohibition if it clearly and conspicuously specifies an address to which consumers may write to notify the furnisher that certain information is inaccurate.
She told me they assigned an attorney to collect the debt.
XXXX & Barclays fraudulently advertise a benefit that is not available except under very specific conditions resulting in consumer fraud.
My credit needed to get pulled to determine if I was able for financing.
the rep followed with yes XXXX, I am still here to help you. 

I have never heard of this company nor I have done business with them before.
He took all of my information and I explained again what happened.
in accordance with the Fair Credit Reporting act XXXX 
XXXX XXXX XXXX & Account Number : XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX Account Number : XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX Account Number : XXXX XXXX XXXX Account XXXX XXXX XXXX has violated my rights. 


so my total balance on the account would not double as they told me it would if it was not paid by XX/XX/XXXX.
We 've always been great customers up until my husband was unemployed and then the chips started falling. 


It took me longer than a month to open this account because of myriad glitches and mistakes on the bank 's side.
If the original loan was re-applied, i could make the payments.
I had a debt that was deleted in XXXX and then sold to a XXXX party collector and put back on my credit reports the debt was not mines and i have sent the company the debt that was deleted.
After calls and letters each company keeps referring me back to the other and ultimately Im getting no where.
Yesterday I recd another communication!
Request a Signed legal document from company.
Here is the aforementioned account : XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX  : {$27000.00}
Beneficiary Name : XXXX XXXX XXXX Account Number : XXXX Routing Number : XXXX
She also said, cryptically, that while she can not tell me that I am banned from having an account with Capital One, she can tell me that I am encouraged to keep applying, but with no guarantee on whether I'll be approved.
( They send a copy of the OLD loss mitigation papers originally dated XX/XX/XXXX with an effective date of XXXX XXXX and first payment due XX/XX/XXXX )
They didnt file in time with XXXX but little did they know my mother works for XXXX XXXX XX/XX/XXXX.
thanks
They reported 30, 60, and 90 days late, that's XXXX, XXXX, and XXXX respectively.
My XXXX  credit card account is being reported with the wrong balance and not saying closed and paid in full.
On XX/XX/XXXX, via certified mail, I requested proof that the notices required under UCC 9.506, 9-611, 9-612 and 9-613 were properly and timely given.
Which was misleading because they are suppose to tell you whats happening
XXXX Balance : {$590.00} ; XXXX XXXX Balance : {$0.00} ; XXXX  XXXX Bankruptcy Reference # : XXXX ; XXXX  XXXX Bankruptcy Reference # : XXXX ; XXXX  XXXX Bankruptcy Reference # : XXXX ; XXXX  XXXX Bankruptcy Reference # : XXXX ; XXXX  XXXX Bankruptcy Reference # : XXXX ; XXXX XXXX XXXX XX/XX/2022 ; XXXX XX/XX/2022 ; XXXX XXXX XX/XX/2022.
I was told by XXXX that the bank manager XXXX was informed on that very conversation the same day that XXXX ( electriXXXX company ), is not aware of this " form '' nor do they provide such paperwork, but they verified the voided transaction, the amount, the date, my card information, that the transaction had been reversed, the voided transaction reference number, copies of the account non payment and reversal from their screen. 


As of my lasted credit report you are still in violation of the FCRA
Appropriate proof of identity of the consumer ;
I have no knowledge of this account and it should not be reporting on my credit file. 


thank you. 

Enclosed are my Notarized drivers license and recent bank statement verifying my address and identity. 


I can not move forward with anything else in life as far as housing and possible vehicle upgrades due to this account reporting the missed payment which is not accurate.
If they were not going to approve the application or if they were going to do several more layers of review, this should have been done prior to accepting money which is tied up.
Which at that point i hung up to phone which he called again.
I may request the services of the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau to help me as a potential mediator in cases where I believe that my rights under the Fair Credit Reporting Act and the Fair Debt Collection Practices Act are in violation.
Quick I explain my story and have proof I sold the car.
After this, they went next door and made another fraudulent purchase at our local grocery store, totaling {$170.00}, and followed this with a {$30.00} purchase at a gas station ( that we've never been to XXXX.
None of the accounts had consistent information such as personal information, date of last activity, and reporting payment history after the accounts were charged off.
If the deed is not attested by an official witness, it may be acknowledged after execution and the acknowledgment certified on the deed by the official witness entitling the deed to be recorded.
Last amount before chargeoff on the bill - XX/XX/2018 :
In accordance with the fair credit Reporting act XXXX Account # XXXX, has violated my rights. 

PIN used, believe to be customer initiated. 


Transunion has listed negative information on my credit report that is not true.
I have also Filed a complaint with the XXXX XXXX XXXX.
I have contacted the bureaus and have spoken to multiple representatives who have verbally stated to me they can not change the coding on these infractions.
My name is XXXX XXXX
This never happened.
I demand that these accounts be deleted immediately or I will file for litigation due to the stress you have caused me.
This is unacceptable.
I need to speak with a human. 

They handle ALL support related issue via one automated email account : support@creditkarma.com.  
This means I need to babysit it every month and it effects my escrow and my ARM adjustment.
Please note that the only way to email FirstMark services from their website is to fill out a form that leaves no paper trail on the borrower 's end.
However on my Equifax credit file this creditor is reporting Paid/Closed but with 6 charge offs, 7 lates and a past due balance of {$1400.00} which is incorrect.
I have sent this company proof of insurance with them listed as loss payee from my contracted representative.
However, there was no response from either of the parties and this is terribly causing my credit.
Got transferred and was told the account isnt for use due to discrepancies while opening the account.
right now The Detective was able to Establish The Quitclaim Deed was Fraudulent by contacting The Notary named on the Document, The Notary told the Detective That He Never Met Me in His Life and He did A line Item Search and Found NO ENTRY OF THAT NOTARY
Identity theft also violates The Fair Credit Reporting Act : Identity theft rules in subsection 681.1 Duties regarding the detection, prevention and mitigation of identity theft ( a ) scope.
I never authorized or given permission for this to be reporting.
I have pages of inquiries that was not me and breached data showing up constantly using my email and other personal information alerting me that its showing up on the dark web also I am now dealing with a huge problem with my account through Experian that I pay for to access all three credit bureaus was hacked and it took me forever to get back into it and I had froze and locked all accounts they were all unfrozen.
This is a serious matter.
My partner is a software engineer, I know it wouldn't be too insanely difficult to add a field for " name under account '' and make sure it matches the name provided.
Please remove this item immediately.
The bank not interested about who the funds were for but seem to be seeking to close my account and implicate myself as a criminal for the fact that I was sent money orders that were ordered to be paid to myself with out the bank actually being honest about what the bank investigated and found out and was told about the funds in my account.
ALL 3 of these statements were addressed to my XXXXyo daughter, not only that.
Its very obvious that your agency doesnt know what the FCRA is because from the looks of my credit report and all the errors i see you are disregarding it so heres my breakdown. 


1. XXXX XXXX-twice 2.
The item was transferred to XXXX XXXX and then sold transferred to XXXX XXXX XXXX.
Info Dates back to XXXX.
Thank you
and I know it is n't mine because I was XXXX when this collection was put on my credit report.
He acknowledged recognition that phone number as a BofA phone number.
Accounts : XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX 15 U.S.C 1681 SECTION 602 A .
They recommended to send fund return request, and then send new wire already using the new token they provided to me. 

CHAPTER XXXX BANKRUPTCY XXXX XX/XX/2020 {$0.00} CHAPTER XXXX BANKRUPTCY XXXX XXXX/XXXX {$0.00} CHAPTER XXXX BANKRUPTCY XXXX XX/XX/2020 CHAPTER XXXX BANKRUPTCY XXXX XX/XX/2020 {$0.00}
I also asked you to give me the name of the person in your company who verified the accuracy of these accounts but you ignored this request as well which is another violation of Federal Law!
They also told me the Home Dept card is run by CitiBank
I pay rent all days of the month.
Company pulled my credit report without my authorization
The account must be removed from my XXXX credit report.
Took us by surprise, we made payment on line XX/XX/XXXX for {$330.00}.
I decided to give my credit card information for the {$4.00} shipping and handling fee as XXXX XXXX is a well known and trusted merchant.
I closed the account even though I did not really want to.
I did send the completed a packet for financial assistance to them two times the second time I sent the packet and call them no one has responded and I was not aware of a foreclosure sale date at this time. 

I have no proof of the excellent condition I returned the car.
XX/XX/21 Authorized Pro Lock for {$55.00} XX/XX/21 ending daily balanced is XXXX XX/XX/21 ending daily balance is {$0.00} XX/XX/21 overdraft charge of {$35.00} for the {$55.00} transaction ( Received a partial reversal of {$17.00} )
Letter sent by XXXX XXXX from ERC containing invoice from XXXX for {$380.00}
It would take any where from 5 minutes to 2 hours.
As the buyer I do n't want to be held liable for the fees and cost incurred by not having the loan ready and seller backing out or extending the closing to new year.
Thank you.
Booked my vacation through XXXX on XXXX to travel to the XXXX on XX/XX/20.
l mailed the payment due in the same amount due from my previous servicer.
I also pressed XXXX during the Motion to Open hearing in XX/XX/XXXX, while she was under oath, when she attested that these documents were an accurate foundation for the lawsuit.
please see recent case # XXXX.
The calls are relentless, they come in on " ghost '' numbers, are continuous even on weekends and they have also contacted my place of employment.
The United States already released the funds into the account I applied for ref 18USC8 obligations of the US corporation.
I did not agree to the terms and ONLY signed the order form to get a furnace installed. 

I received notice on XXXX/XXXX/XXXX that my " eligible '' loans were being put on an XXXX plan with a {$0.00} payment for 12 months beginning XXXX/XXXX/XXXX.
Despite multiple requests, we did not receive the requested information in writing but after getting very upset Mr. Cooper finally put this in writing.
INITIAL DISPUTE XX/XX/2020 30 DAY DEMAND XX/XX/2020
In the results of your first investigation and subsequent reinvestigation ( s ), you stated in writing that you verified that this item is being reported correctly?
At that point, I declined to pursue the credit line increase, and the call ended.
Upon reviewing of my records, I am upset on what is happening to my credit report and found out that there is questionable item.
He stated he did not have much information and asked if I would like to open a new dispute only. 


From XXXX XX/XX/XXXX I received daily phone calls from Greensky Loan Servicing demanding payment if I have missed my due date for payment.
I recently redid yard with rocks and landscaping did over haul painted exterior prior to any actions.
When I finally was able to call and talk to her she stated she could not give me corporate or fraud department number but to call customer service again and try to speak with someone.
No provision of this section shall be construed as requiring a consumer reporting agency to prevent a Federal, State, or local law enforcement agency from accessing blocked information in a consumer file to which the agency could otherwise obtain access under this subchapter
Name used : XXXX XXXX, XXXX XXXX Phone numbers used : ( XXXX XXXX XXXX, XXXX XXXX XXXX Email used : XXXX XXXX
Any other error described in regulations of the Bureau. 1666a.
A past account XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX was deleted from my credit file XXXX XXXX.
Received call from XXXX on XXXX XXXX, 2016 at XXXX 


I submitted to the company that I denied the debts and any portion thereof they responded with another collection notice and a bill from the original debtor stating that I had a XXXX balance and the charges of the XXXX had been paid yet when I called them to inquire as to why they were still collecting on a debt that had a XXXX balance they refused to allow me to speak to a supervisor and hung up on me.
Last week I made phone contact with them again to resolve the issue and was informed on recorded phone call that the fax number had been out of order for over a year.
The below information in my credit profile is having damaging effects on my credit standing.
After calling XXXX XXXX, they admitted I was on time in filing for a deferment, but their processing department did n't process it in time.
He agreed to sell them to me again though I had already paid him as the real me.
In accordance with the Fair Credit Reporting act XXXX XXXX XXXX # XXXX, has violated my rights. 


However, they clearly have not conducted their own independent investigation because of a blantant errors on my reports with each of them.
The courts state it has never verified this information to anyone including XXXX XXXX or Equifax.
Please REMOVE this information at the earliest possible time. 


This was not my first time going to title max for assistance and previously I paid the loan off with no problem.
These are Unauthorized inquiries, please verify and provide proof of authorization of original signature of its owner within 5 business days in compliance with FCRA.
The statement ultimately obtained from Bank of America provided no information as to whether such advances were by check or by wire, who obtained the advances, or any addresses or banks to which they were paid.
and i 'm currently on XXXX trrying to get a job.
They been calling for months harassing me and other people as well
My lender is now calling XX/XX/XXXX, XX/XX/XXXX and XX/XX/XXXX.
To report an account as closed XXXX must either indicate the account as closed by consumer or by credit grantor.
.Agent
Since XX/XX/XXXX several negotiable instruments endorsed per to bills of exchange act, UCC 1-314, 1-308, 1-306, 1-603, 3-416 12 usc 411, 18 usc 8 and hjr 192 along with several others, have been sent totaling over {$9000.00} between two accounts.
The trip was supposed to be XX/XX/2019 - XX/XX/2019 for XXXX flight XXXX XXXX to XXXX at XXXX and return XXXX to XXXX XXXX flight XXXX at XXXX. 



Duties After Notice of Dispute from Consumer If a consumer notifies a furnisher, at an address specified for the furnisher for such notices, that specific information is inaccurate, and the information is, in fact, inaccurate, the furnisher must thereafter report the correct information to CRAs.
The check issuer sent us irrefutable proof ( scanned image Chase Bank provided the check issuer of the endorsed check which proves chase had it in their possession ) that the check was received was cashed.
This collection found within my credit report are not related to any transaction that I made.
XXXX XXXX XXXX is attempting to collect the fraulent debt and is listed as a collection on my credit reports.
They charged me a late fee on the XXXX.
Debt Collector is trying to collect a medical debt that was already paid out by my insurance company.
They charged me for multiple fees already paid at closing or before.
but they never reaffirmed.
( B ) Requirements relating to reinsertion of previously deleted material ( i ) Certification of accuracy of information If any information is deleted from a consumers file pursuant to subparagraph ( A ), the information may not be reinserted in the file by the consumer reporting agency unless the person who furnishes the information certifies that the information is complete and accurate.


As previously pointed out to you, XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX, defines Verification as, Confirmation of correctness, truth or authenticity, by affidavit, oath, or deposition.
They told me to send a letter with several pieces of information.
When opening the two accounts on XX/XX/XXXX, I followed all instructions from the branch 's personal banker XXXX XXXX XXXX.
A while back I lost my wallet with all my personal information inside.
The Finance charge is supposed to include insurance, but XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX made me purchase insurance separately.
Should n't some direction been provided to us?
Bank of America then sold the mortgage in a " bundle '' to a private investment group represented by XXXX XXXX.
they are causing me severe XXXX and stopping me from getting this job offer n now im XXXX n cant provide to my XXXX year old daughter PLEASE HELP ME PLEASE im XXXX now.with
The loan was denied due to underwriting guidelines.
I have filed a complaint.
A consumer reporting agency may Not furnish my consumer report without written instruction from me under 15 U.S. Code 1681b Section 604 which states : 15 U.S. Code 1681b Section 604-
We had just purchased an investment property in XX/XX/XXXX and the mortgage was sold to flagstar bank.
The total balance is 0.
The creditor must explain to you in writing the corrections that will be made to your account.
The account is also my direct deposit account for my salary and default account for all my credit cards payments.
Section 611 ( a ), it is plainly stated that failure to investigate these items within 30 days gives a reason to immediately remove those items from my credit report, it has been over 30 days so they should be deleted promptly.
Dear Sir/Maam : I am submitting a complaint with your department as a last resort.
My first payment came in, and I was billed for each loan separately with the different interests rates applied to them.
They kept lying telling me they disputed n its not reporting but it keep reporting this inaccurate information without my authorization.
The only solution to this issue is delete this now!! 


Called Moneygram on XX/XX/XXXXand XX/XX/XXXX and was told to check again later.
I have a citibank checking account for more than a month now.
Thank you for your time XXXX XXXX
When I inquired, they said they had n't received my payments on time.
AES, XXXX, XXXX these companies are hiding costs from consumers, not giving clear information, and it results in penalizing hard working people like me. 


XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXXPresident and Chief Executive Officer XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX  XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX Executive Vice President XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX fl XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX Executive Vice President
I told her again, it was not for the amount taken and this was my husband we live in the same house, and XXXX told her directly that they voided and reversed the funds over the phone.
For that reason, I would like to have all the payments refunded that I paid to XXXX XXXX XXXX in the amount of {$16000.00}.
The camera did not show any package arriving on the day claimed, however I was not able to get anyone from the post office to provide a real response.
I personally witnessed this process as a branch manager at BMO, and it still goes on today.
Today I received a letter in the mail in which Wells Fargo informs me that funds will not be applied to my account until XXXX XXXX, 2015.
The dispute resolution person told me that I have to start all over since they closed the cases.
In accordance with the fair credit Reporting act XXXX Account # XXXX, has violated my rights. 

I had not known this bill was not paid when we changed services.
and I have my bank statements to back that up.
15 U.S.C 1681 section 602 A. States I have the right to privacy.


As per New jersey XXXX, there still exists a lien.
INACCURATE INFORMATION VIOLATES HIPPA, CRA ITEMS ARE NOT CORRECT
The vehicle was a XXXX XXXX XXXX.
So at that time, IF I had a hardship, I 'm eligible for a deferment ; meaning I would n't just let my car get repo 'd without at least trying to work something out!!! ''
I have dealt in good faith to this present and to no avail.
XXXX the consumer had given multiple identity theft reports and also placed a security freeze.
Sections 609 ( a ) ( 1 ) ( A ) and 611 ( a ) ( 1 ) require the 3 credit bureaus to validate these accounts ( A ).
CFPB has now specific question XXXX must reply not lie that they responded I want the CFPB to publish this description on consumer finance.gov so that others can learn from my experience.
Since this was a typo setting up my account I called the credit card and asked if they can return the {$25.00} I was told they can not return to fee.
trying to correct my credit report.
In the credit report the balance on the XXXX XXXX XXXX mortgage account is incorrect it is stating {$0.00} paid as of XX/XX/XXXX.
Docket numbers that are listed on credit reports are incorrect.
Furthermore, I never agreed for my information to be shared with anyone at any time nor did I receive any disclosures and according to 15 USC 1681 ( e ) Procurement of consumer report for resale ( 1 ) Disclosure
In short, the quality of my life has been negatively affected by this inaccurate information on the credit report which is detailed as follows ; XXXX/XXXX XXXXXXXX XXXX, XXXX. 

My business partner was with me and can attest to the fact that the car was undamaged. 

They have violated multiple Fair Credit Acts and broken the law.
I called back and learned that during the period my check was in transit L.C. changed it's address and that it would take another 8 to 10 days before they would know where the check was.
Beginning XX/XX/XXXX, these are the calls and attempts that I have made to rectify the debt, ask for a settlement or to determine next steps with Bank of America : XX/XX/XXXX XXXX AZ Time : Speak with XXXX in customer service, due to the bankruptcy, he is not able to help me, so I am transferred to XXXX in the Bankruptcy department.
I asked so many times remove suffix sr from name.
They denied my request and did not give a reason as to why.
( 4 ) Accounts placed for collection or charged to profit and loss which antedate the report by more than seven years.
I have notified this company that my name, date of birth, and social security are NOT be used to obtain any credit with NETCREDIT or any of its affiliates. 


But when we called Mr Cooper to tell them they will give their money back, they had yet another excuse.
That isn't the point.
XXXX is a monthly subscription box service.
AND AFTER 6 MONTHS OF ON TIME PAYMENTS WHY WAS I GRANTED A CREDIT LINE INCREASE AS WELL?
have now filed Bankruptcy.
XXXX has low and unfair credit number for me in their report.
This was the first I had heard about any such debt. 


( see letter attached Page-2 )
I don't believe the circumstances surrounding this record are accurate.
As I was living in XXXX and had a XXXX mobile plan, there is NO use on the account for the dates they claim I still had the service. 

As you can see, I have always had a stellar payment record with this company.
The facts On XX/XX/XXXX, in the afternoon I went to XXXX restaurant with my girlfriend in XXXX, XXXX.
It hadn't -- the title was still in my name, " XXXX XXXX, an unmarried man ''.
XXXX XXXX XXXX many emails and as you see they stopped responding. 


I called back on XX/XX/XXXX and was told that the payment went to the wrong town I needed to wait for the refund to hit my account.
I was advsied an unsecured debt could not take my home
A few months after faxing the tax bill I get a delinquent notice saying my taxes have not been paid and I owed a late fee.
Free annual repair never responded or sent me a report..
They used these useless challenges as busy work to justify charging {$120.00} on my credit card each month.
I immediately contacted the seller to request my money back and received no response.
Nothing they wont remove medical bills I keeping Didputing on 1 report they have been moved but not on other teports
To get a response from our support team, please visit the following page and complete the request form : https : //support.coinbase.com/customer/portal/emails/new '' I opened a ticket at the support website on XX/XX/XXXX and have n't received any resolution.. 


I am requesting that the charge be removed, that any finance other charges related to the fraudulent amount be credited, as well and that I receive an accurate statement.
Additionally, I would also like to be provided with the information on how to appeal the findings.
The court papers, as well as the original creditor, showed they owed the account outright for the entire time.
( d ) Exception for resellers.
Navient knowing my complaint and my continous struggle to pay, Navient offered and encouraged me to apply for forbearances instead of any other option.
15 U.S.C 1681 Section 604
I was charged double interest. 

Shouldn't I have received some sort of date-stamped document that said my house was going to foreclosure?
I have notified the credit bureaus several times that the accounts don't belong to me, I have not in any way received goods or services from any of these companies and have asked for these accounts to be removed immediately from all of my credit reports.
i want this to be taken off our credit report and they needto stop sendfing me bills.
It breaks my heart to know that if someone took the time to work with me as a client, maybe this could have been avoided.     
I have not been to that hospital since I was born, which was 22 years ago.
There is a late payment reporting on my XXXX XXXX  account.
The Chapter XXXX Bankruptcy was in fact DISMISSED and never adjudicated. 


At this point I owe almost 4 months ( Suntrust wont accept payments now XXXX and called again and reached a XXXX.
All of these transacttions took place in less than two minutes.
XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX Date opened XX/XX/2018 Balance : {$5400.00}.
On XX/XX/2022, my brother provided my name and number to a guy that was selling a top for my XXXX XXXX on XXXX.
I made two on line payments through XXXX XXXX  for purchases made.
I made very clear to this person that she just finished verifying who I was and that how could a phone number do otherwise.
I declare under penalty of perjury I am alleging that a person or company- without my authorization- from unauthorized use of my social security number and card used my personal identifying information to apply for goods, services, or money ; and, was successful in creating some accounts.
An exact difference of {$11.00}.
We are unable to contact this company by email and they do not have a direct dial phone number that we can find.
Experian replied - " Regarding the remaining accounts, per your previous request to conduct a reinvestigation, we contacted the data furnisher and asked them to verify the accuracy of the information with which you disagree.
I then contacted Equifax via telephone to find out why my dispute of these unauthorized inquiries were denied, and I was told that I needed to contact the lenders who reported the inquiries which I had already done.
SunTrust Mortgage changed the technology on their e-Pay system around XX/XX/2016.
Please take whatever legal action is possible and necessary to hold Capital Management accountable for their intimidation.
XXXX settled and I began to restore my XXXX XXXX home while still residing in XXXX. 

When you login, the circle just spins endlessly. 

So, I could no longer use card.
Someone assumed my identity and that is how these accounts were listed on my credit reports.
The following addresses are not my I do not live at the following : XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX, KY XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX, KY XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX, KY XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX ,
This security freeze request not only restricts credit bureaus and creditors but also future potential employers until I lift this restriction.
15 U.S.C 1681 Section 604
Your failure to positively verify these accounts has hurt my ability to obtain credit.
( which is it, not enough or too much? )
Please investigate and remove it from my personal credit file.
Assuming this was an error or a delay in COVID processing, we called, restated that we were impacted and that we had also sold the home.
This is not typically on a check written to any entity other than the government. 

Now I got a letter from one of my banks saying there is a Charge Off on my 38 year perfect credit rating for an account I had been removed from 14 years ago.
We were transferred to XXXX XXXX who said she was a XXXX, she basically said unless you can prove fraud charges theres nothing we can do and told us she was disconnecting the call?!
Once again, this company has not provided me with a solution to any of my complaints.
I have not been able to get in contact or recieve a return phone call recently from XXXX XXXX XXXX
Again {$8000.00} was paid in XX/XX/2020 and only a small amount was left to pay on my XXXX XXXX XXXX.
Its the perfect scenario... sell a good, make it seem like there was fraud?
XXXX fax : XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX  XXXX :
Wanted to open two {$250000.00}.
I asked how much interest I would pay if I consolidated the remaining loans versus if I did n't consolidate based on ten years of payments ( due to the fact that I will qualify for PSLF. )
Nationstar provided an email communication between XXXX XXXX and XXXX XXXX of NSTR, with no underlying documents other than the letter itself.
it was a XXXX bedroom XXXX bath for XXXX the fellow property manager that I spoke with got us into the apartment I paid my deposit because he made it clear that.
This sounds like a perfect inside job.
I said no and that I was calling about my Amazon Rewards cards.
I have a Dick 's Sporting Goods Card.
Then their updating it which is causing it to remain on my credit even longer.
I opened a checking account with XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX on XX/XX/XXXX.
I was promised from their manager that I would recieve a statement on XXXX XX/XX/21 for just XXXX.
Based on my experience with her I am not comfortable with maintaining my relationship with PNC Bank after today.
( d ) Exception for resellers.
A payment was initiated and processed on XXXX/XXXXXXXX @
It is not duly filed, recorded and indexed -- -- The Georgia Supreme said " we must reject XXXX XXXX definition of duly filed, recorded, and indexed.
And never use this!!! 

15 U.S.C 1681 Section 604
Under 15 USC 1666B a creditor may not treat a payment on a credit card account under an open end consumer credit plan as late for any purpose.
My credit report includes the following erroneous information that needs to be investigated and corrected : XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX
transunion is an abusive company.
Went across the street to XXXX XXXX
I had not gone through the full process with XXXX or XXXX ... idk, A micro lender I have a debt with and am trying to consolodate.
Between XX/XX/XXXX to mid-XX/XX/XXXX, I never received any updates from Chase, neither did my ex-business partner.
and then declined my application based on paperwork that was confirmed to be sent to them by my HR department, and not because of my credit score which according to the rejection letter I received was XXXX.
All three entities are finger pointing, but getting nothing done.
At the time I had already been XXXX 7 years and was not given information about my loans being forgiven for public service without consolidating them.
Experian has a loan showing on my credit file that is wrong.
Nor have they provided us with a copy of a signed contract that they may act as collecting money for the medical clinic.
Now XXXX XXXX was no help at all.
The customer service team refuses to help because I do not have the email address that was used to open the account.
They went back into the XXXX XXXX store and made three separate purchases totaling {$980.00}.
XX/XX/XXXX : XXXX sent letter indicating the investigation ruled in my favor and conditional disputed amount was made permanent. 

Why am I not able to access my money that was deposited before the check?
I filed a dispute and on approximately XX/XX/XXXX, I received a letter from Potfolio Recovery Associates, LLC.
They advised to file a police report, which I did ( Attached ).
I m a retired postal worker XXXX dollar is all i can afford at time.
If you call the notary with this commission number ( her number is in the department of state directory )
I always thought that the term " predatory lenders '' applied to those companies who gave mortgages to individuals who really could not afford the cost of a particular home that was out of their price range.
In general, States may not tax Federal obligations, such as United States bonds and Treasury notes.
and I was one them as well.
After receiving my refund in the mail from Bank of America I deposited it into my personal account I have with my XXXX.
I asked for a complete list of all documents and correspondences with Credito Real Finance USA FKA AFS Acceptance LLC used to verify Account #.
i have almost no debt and my identity was stolen causing my score to drop
I explained to the merchant that I do not know how to deal with the headlight, and I have paid labor to install them.
Then proceeded to tell me she could not help me with this situation as it was a conundrum exclusive handled by their collections department and that the collections department has the final say.
The customer service representative I spoke with had no idea why I had not received the information I requested and offered no solution.
I have not owned the property since.
Numerous calls to all 3 bureaus for help with 2 XXXX accounts.
The end of the year is fast approaching and I fear my tax documents will not contain the correct information.
I was left confused and threatened by XXXX.
Repeated calls from telephone numbers XXXX, XXXX, and XXXX.
XXXX XXXX claims they reported my payments.
I was also LIED TO ABOUT, only my ex husband, could file for loan modification, or bankruptcy, I was told by several ATTORNEYS, that I owned XXXX percent of the property, I have also noticed that each time, I submit a complaint, that Ocwen, XXXXPHH Mortgage company, always responds before they even do any research.
I called back the next day to the delinquent department and asked about the customer service wait times, they said they are very backed up, i asked If i could please be transferred or if they lady could kindly walk over to a desk of a cust service rep as i waited on hold for XXXX hours and got nothing, she got mad and said no i cant do that!
XX/XX/XXXX I sent a letter to National Credit System requesting proof of the amounts owed and also followed up with a phone call to confirm the agency received and understood what I needed to pay the debt.
They are completely disorganized and their records are not put to date.
One of the prominently featured benefits advertised was a XXXX XXXX or XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX.
so I went to the website to check the status. 

I let them hang up and end the call, but I called again.
my fico say I have good credit.
Receiving no response still by XXXX, I called and waited on hold for over 30 minutes to speak with an agent.
Her monthly mortgage prices change seldomly as well.
I went to XXXX in XXXX XXXX.
I hereby mark you as likely one that I might one day view in civil discord as the " would be plaintiffs '', yet I declare to you your unjust claim is to be met with deliberate and determined resistance and counteraction.
Please delete these items from my accounts as soon as possible.
I wish I have never chose to lease the dishwasher because I've paid XXXX over what I initially signed up for.
I have never done any business with this company and I know this information is inaccurate.
They should have sent the statement to the address where I live and where their equipment was installed. 


Representatives of Mr. Cooper informed my firm that attempts to contact my firm failed because Mr. Cooper representatives dialed our telephone number incorrectly ( i.e., they dialed XXXX instead of XXXX ).
If you have any further questions, please call us at XXXX, Monday-Friday, XXXX - XXXX ET. 

I was assessed {$27.00} late fee and {$2.00} interest on the late, because the balance was PAID IN FULL.
The notices went to the business address which I was not apart of anymoreOnce I saw these on my record I took immediate action to show proof that the liens were incorrect against me.
So I continued my claims and fighting the identity theft with creditors, noticing some statement issues that I still have to let them understand since the original complaint wasn't understood and the answers I got were vague and they actually closed accts putting me in a more destitute situation.
They were extremely rude and said that I was refusing to pay a debt.
XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX
Why did Ocwen continue to send statements with a FALSE due date?
THEY ARE NOT COOPERATIVE AND DO NOT PROVIDE ACCURATE INFORMATION.
This is a complete violation of my rights.
There is a Chase Bank credit card account XXXX reporting on my credit report and negatively impacting my credit scores.
When I called XXXX, I was advised that ( to the best of my recollection ) an employee had committed fraud on the company and the vehicle was entered into the database as not returned.
It all seems like a scam to me and a set up for me to lose my home.
After reviewing statements from CPS, XXXX and XXXX ( our insurance at the time ) we discovered what appears to be fraudulent activity in order for CPS to collect more money than what they were entitled to.
United Community Bank engaged in unfair and deceptive practices by drafting what I thought was an inactive/closed checking acct for several years triggering an overdraft protection line of credit to pay an insur pmt I'd assumed was long terminated.
15 U.S.C 1681 section 602 A. States I have the right to privacy.
and I did n't qualify.
I called Citibank customer service on or around XX/XX/XXXX and spoke with two different customer service representatives.
I know that scores of other consumers have had concerns with QVC verifying payment and then insidiously returning months later under the guise of a " past-due '' amount.
I have now waited days past the time of when the check is supposed to be delivered to me to put back into my escrow.
No open account associated with these inquirirs and no knowledge of them, please remove and suppress this information, they will not allow me to log into my credit report to even dispute on their website.
Upon returning from being out of the country, I immediately called Home Point customer service to understand the matter fully and address it, I was educated by the representative that instead of leaving the funds in suspend ( per Home Point 's policy ), the payment was processed as a principal-only payment.
On XX/XX/XXXX, XXXX received my validation letter ; Certified Mail # : XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX ; return receipt request ( RRR ) from United States Postal Service.
I was told that the XX/XX/2019 would not show up as a missed payment on my credit reports.
Santander consumer claims I owe them money which I do n't.
Each time I call, I get a different story from the person I speak with and the reps seem to have extremely limited knowledge of student loan processing.
http : //www.consumer.ga.gov/uploads/pdf/GA_Landlord_Tenant_Handbook_2017.pdf The managers did not admit fault or take responsibility for improper management & is trying to collect a unfair debt against the tenants in the amount of {$2300.00} for 49 days.
since then i keep seeing numerous unauthorized transactions from xsolla.
Over 80 changes and comments made, even told reports on the way and never received one after all these months till 3 days ago.
I was looking through my credit report and noticed some inquiries that were never AUTHORIZED.
The credit reporting agencies XXXX, Equifax and XXXX is reporting a Closed XXXX XXXX Account # XXXX opened on XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX  Account # XXXX opened on XXXX XXXX XXXX Account # XXXX opened on XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX Account # XXXX Opened on XXXX XXXX Dept Of ED/XXXX account # XXXX Opened on XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX account XXXX XXXX opened on XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX account XXXX XXXX Opened on XX/XX/XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX account XXXX XXXX Opened on XX/XX/XXXX XXXX XXXX account # XXXX opened on XXXX XXXX XXXX account # XXXX opened on XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX account # XXXX opened XXXX XXXX XXXX account # XXXX Opened on XX/XX/XXXX XXXX
I have found over 8 fraud accounts on my credit including this one.
15 USC 1681 Section 604
Thank you for consideration of this matter.
Thank you XXXX and XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX Loan # XXXX
Failure to do so can result in lost funds.
It is documented on the letter head from the same exact collection agency XX/XX/XXXX.
The Representative at AmEx again assured me that all that was approved from the first time I spoke with XXXX.
Identity Theft XXXX Account Number : XXXX Delete this account. 

I immediately checked my online banking accounts the next day and saw numerous fraudulent charges ; detailed dates and transactions attached.
See the documents attached.
and I guess I do too, but we have to do better than that because that is crazy to me.
I do not understand why they are abusing consumers
However, they continue to call me and my family multiple times per day in order to reach me regarding the outstanding amount owed.
My hours have changed at work and upon researching my loan, I owe {$10000.00} more than what my vehicle is worth placing me in an upside down loan.
These following accounts and inquires do not belong to me.
A US Bank rep called to let me know there was a problem with my because it had an electronic signature.
they then told me, again after six months that i don't qualify for a modification because i needed to modify my first.
I have been approve a capital one credit card after been approve they froze the account because I have cards as join account and they think it 's fraud but any way the problem now after summiting my personal information they do n't accept my passport because they said its from different country they are so XXXX ...
Please HELP respectfully.
The payoff amount was less than {$14000.00} in XXXX, the payoff amount paid was made for more for {$14000.00}.
They sent me a letter claiming they found proof, however they did not send me any proof.
( 12 CFR 1026.7 ( b ) ( 12 ) ( ii ) ( E ) )
Thank you.
I understand that divorce decrees do not supercede the actual debt, however the debt was fully discharged in the Chapter 7 and therefore this should be credit suppressed and all delinquencies reported since the discharge should be deleted and the balance should reflect {$0.00} discharged in the chapter 7.
Hello, I am victim of ID Theft.
Our firm complied with the terms of the Payoff.
{$2000.00} loan and my intial {$230.00}.
XXXX XXXX  XXXX XXXX {$2300.00} This company is reporting a debt from XXXX for cellular phones that weee fraudulently attained in my name.
My name is XXXX XXXX and I am the one filing this complaint, not some company or not any other third party.
On same day XX/XX/XXXX - Called XXXX bank XXXX XXXX representative.
Moreover, I continued to ask who is going into collections , why I was NEVER notified of any of these dealings and why I have not received a single document about the termination of the loan or how I am responsible for this balance owed, again to no avail.         	
Last year I filed an Identity Theft report with the FTC and as a result placed security freezes and fraud alerts on my credit reports with the 3 major reporting agencies.
I'd like my account number, my original balance with a fair minimum payment, fees waived, as promised, legitimatestatements from the beginning, and a valid card.
Under 15 USC 1681 Section 604 A Section 2, it also states that a consumer reporting agency can not not furnish any account without my written instructions.
I don't answer any XXXX numbers unless I know who it is.
This includes listing any information with a credit repository that could be inaccurate or invalidated or verifying an no provided proof that it is accurate.
Im attaching the required FTC Report for you and the bank 's records ( learned through more research both parties require ).
The accounts are : XXXX XXXX XXXX  / XXXX XXXX  account # XXXX amount {$510.00} XXXX XXXX XXXX account # XXXX amount {$4100.00} XXXX XXXX  account # XXXX amount {$4900.00} XXXX/XXXX  account # XXXX amount {$1600.00} XXXX XXXX   account # XXXX amount {$8400.00}
I purchased some solar panels from a company called XXXX XXXX on XX/XX/17.
These accounts were not authorized by me.
I wrote to DCI that I do not owe this debt but despite my letter, they have placed this account with credit reporting companies.
Also AMERIASSIST AR SOLUTIONS or the company the represent never even sent me notice of the fraud account or else they would have already known that I was a victim of identity theft and this account is a result of thereof.
This included the Total Payments Due of {$3900.00}, Late Charges of {$100.00}, Deferred Late Charges of {$92.00}, Escrow Advance of {$1000.00}, Recoverable Advance Balance of {$2200.00}, Outstanding Attorney Fees and Costs of {$300.00} and Next Payment Due of {$590.00}.
In short, the quality of my life has been negatively affected by this inaccurate information on the credit report which is detailed as follows ; XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX, XXXX. 

FTC, ID
The card is running a promotion where you receive a {$150.00} bonus after your first {$500.00} in purchases within three months.
I was questioned who, what, where, when and how.
I disputed this amount based on my last bill prior to closing out this account with number XXXX. 


According to the terms of Robinhood, I am supposed to withdraw the {$5000.00} cash to my XXXX XXXX  account where money was originally deposited from ( attachment # 2 ). 

Upon my own research I came to understand that Serve has taken similar actions against many other account holders for perceived violations of terms & conditions regarding loading prepaid gift cards to their Serve accounts.
2- I was advised by them verbally the account would remain open.
I PAID ALL THE TAXES AND INSURANCE FOR YEARS.
Chase can not find our money.
I have attached documentation of the letter that was sent to the furnishers on XX/XX/2021.
In fact the amount on the card is {$87.00} to include the " Past Due Amount ''.
It also shows a balance for {$7400.00} which of it was charged off i would n't owe wells Fargo.
When I asked what had changed, he stated that my student loan payment, along with the {$1500.00} average loss on my taxes over 3 years, had driven the ratio too high to qualify for the XXXX program.
But being that I was past my due date they could do the forbearance for the past month I missed.
Please update these accounts, or inaccurate information, from my file immediately & send me the results to the address listed XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX Date opened XX/XX/XXXX Balance {$7000.00}, XXXX XXXX XXXX Date opened XX/XX/XXXX Balance {$0.00}, XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX Date opened XX/XX/XXXX Balance {$0.00}, XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX Date opened XX/XX/XXXX Balance {$0.00}, XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX Date opened XX/XX/XXXX Balance {$0.00}, and XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX Date opened XX/XX/XXXX Balance {$0.00}.
Today I logged into my Experian account and saw that again three accounts were more inaccurate than when I first disputed them as now they are calling 4 years old closed accounts CURRENT so that I have multiple Late payments on my report for open accounts WHICH IS NOT CORRECT!
The oral notice was given to the bank on XX/XX/XXXX and written notice was given XXXX after several follow ups.
Over the next 6 months that balance became {$370.00} after Chase added late fee and interest and reported XXXX late payments to the Credit Bureaus.
I think you have not validated these accounts in accordance with Sections 609 ( a ) ( 1 ) ( A ) and 611 ( a ) ( 1 ) ( A ), and I will pursue legal action against them.
It was being reported by Southwest Credit Systems.
I freely offered all my personal bank statements as requested, inquired as to why SMS would need my employers bank statements and never received a reply to my inquiry, in fact I never received any replies to any of my email and letter inquires literally ever from SMS or Ms. XXXX.
I did not fight for my country just to let dishonest companies take all they can and I will be out of thousands to the point that I cant ever own my vehicle.
Any accounts mentioned are not my responsibility..
there was no notice of lis pendens filed ...
I was on the was for over an hour waiting for a supervisor and they said that they couldnt personally remove the late payment from my account.
NEW COMPLAINT NOT A DUPLICATE : LVNV Funding continueS to make a mockery of CFPB and its processes.
An explanation of how this amount was calculated.


XXXX  is not denying the obligation to pay back the {$6000.00} to creditors for the courses he did take. 

I am told after death a POA would be invalidated.
We spoke with a wonderful woman named XXXX on XX/XX/XXXX for nearly 2 hours & agreed to the XXXX XXXX she offered.
XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX, TX XXXX ( my brother lived here )
Instead they sent a collection notice dated for XX/XX/XXXX.
I reported the theft of my identity to the Federal Trade Commission and I also have enclosed copies of the Federal Trade Commissions Identity Theft Affidavit.
They refuse to update the credit with a paid XXXX balance, with no late payments as of the date of loss.
I have been disputing this charge and have proved that it was a fraudulent account I have also included a copy of the police report.
Continues to call, hides phone number with private numbers and is just generally rude and harassing.
The returned checks / fees were due to my checking account being hacked and our account frozen until the fraud was being corrected.
{$29000.00} has gone to interest with only {$12000.00} going towards my principal.
I felt that was wrong and unfair to be denied with all income listed above i feel i been denied because of my age or origin.
15 USC 1681 section 602 states I have the right to privacy 15 USC 1681 section 604
I meet the credit scores even with this on, but it will be taken off as well. 

It turns out, my ex-business partner called Chase back in XX/XX/XXXX, just after the initial call, and changed the mailing address to his own - information that was relayed to me by the Chase agent.
I have been on time with payments for more than a year.
On XX/XX/2019 my lender ( XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX ) where in the process of getting me a pre-approval letter in which they had to pull and or do a HARD INQUIRY on my credit file. 


Account should be reported as closed with a XXXX  balance.
I have contacted TransUnion on XXXX/XXXX/XXXX and XXXX/XXXX/XXXX concerning the Bankruptcy that is inaccurate and reporting on my TransUnion Credit Report under XXXX XXXX.
On XX/XX/XXXX I sent in a dispute for inaccurate information reporting on my Equifax Credit report, and a follow up request about the dispute on XX/XX/XXXX for the follow accounts
Some files may not be supported, please notify if supporting documents are needed.
Chase will still not reduce the APR.
I've seen no changes for the accounts that I have filed last month, I still see multiple 90 days late marks which is a clear violation of my right under the FCRA.
I was then asked to leave because I was being rude.
Contacted Collections Company on XX/XX/20 after receiving letter dated XX/XX/20 that showed balance had decreased due to payments on both medical accounts.
This company has violated FCRA 623 ( a ) b ) by failing to mark this disputed account as disputed ( letters attached to show when I disputed account below )
I can't repay them, I'm in debt and they are in forbearance.
I am planning to apply for a mortgage within the next year, and its come to my attention that the missed payment on my record could hurt my ability to qualify.
15 U.S.C 1681 section 602 A. States I have the right to privacy.


THEY KEEP EMAILING ME OFFERS TO HAVE A CARD WITH THEM.
As per the recall disclosure recall happens on best effort basis and there is no time frame for this process as money is not with chase so we will have to wait for the other bank to respond to our recall request via XXXX message. 

These companies are threatening to charge interest fees on the loan that has already been satisfied as well.
I have tried to communicate numerous times the specific situation I am in, including voluntarily sending letters of explanation, and expenses statements for XXXX.
Call Recovery team, on hold until XXXX, speak with " XXXX '' again in " Recovery '' who immediately states that they can ' help because of the bankruptcy ( again, as he did last time, does not even open the account ) and transfers me to Bankruptcy at XXXX.
I told him that I was under the impression that we were still working with the XXXX program, but he suggested something to the effect that a conventional loan would be easier to close, so I agreed.
I signed up for and met the use requirements for a Frontier credit card with a bonus of XXXX miles.
The erroneous reporting concerns two old accounts I formerly had.
I told him they just told me the Recovery Department would process all of that.
I never paid the following accounts late, XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX, Experian and XXXX  are reporting late payments XXXX through XX/XX/2019, XXXX is reporting my payment status as " Late 30 days '' but does not specify when the alleged late payments were made, XXXX XXXX is reporting my payment status " Late 120 days '' for XXXX and XXXX  and " Late 180 days '' for Experian but does not specify when the alleged late payments were made, XXXX is reporting my payment status " Late 120 days '' for XXXX  and XXXX  and " Late 180 days '' for Experian but does not specify when the alleged late payments were made.
This is unacceptable.
They denied my third application prior to the date in which they said it was due.
How do I know I 'm not just throwing my money away?
A claim was filed with the lender which they refused to investigate.
On XX/XX/XXXX XXXX I sent a letter regarding inaccurate and unknown things on my credit report to this day over 60days later.
I paid a third of the loan balance ( {$54000.00} ) in an {$18000.00} lump sum, I'm paying a third in installments, and once I finish paying {$18000.00} in installments XXXX  is under contract to cancel the last third. 


I live in the state of Florida in the city of XXXX, how could the bank authorized anything coming from California.
I called again today and XXXX customer service said my recalculation request has to be done manually because there was a glitch in how the information got moved to their system last year, and no one has started this recalculation.
I then received a letter telling me that " No error occurred '' and after reviewing my claim for just one or two days, I was told that the decision was final.
( all of the aforementioned medical history is documented, and can be sent to you if necessary. )
I have never had this account, I don't recognize it.
XXXX ; XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX, GA XXXX ; XXXXXXXX XXXX XXXX XXXXXXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX, GA XXXX XXXX.
My only thought is that my monthly statement did not get to me, or the payment was not applied as fast as expected.
XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX Fraud service address : XXXX XXXX XXXXXXXX XXXX. 

I didn't take the proper measures afterward.
This is not the truth.
Meanwhile, throughout this time, believing XXXX would follow through with their promise and reassurance, that the original issue with our account would be resolved and brought current, we continued to make our monthly payments with XXXX. 

Please block, remove, update or delete this information pursuant to section 605B and 15 Code Section 1681I once identity theft has been alleged until further due diligence has been performed for a reasonable conclusion has been determined.
I also pointed out that I had already spoken with someone that morning and had already verified my appointment.
The Fair Credit Reporting Act ( FCRA ), 15 U.S.C. 1681, is U.S. Federal Government legislation enacted to promote the accuracy, fairness, and privacy of consumer information contained in the files of consumer reporting agencies..
US Department of Education continues to report inaccurate information on student loan debt.
XXXX with ilendingdirect stated that our conversation was recorded so if the recording is played you will here me asked XXXX several of times to not run my credit.
I also have disputed this with each of the credit bureaus and they told me the information was accurate and nothing about a freeze.
This company is terrible and the collectors, the reviews for the company online is below and I see
15 U.S.C 1681.
If not, please remove it from my credit report. 


I plan to close my back account but also have every intention on paying back what I borrowed but not at the outrageous interest rate.
I have paid {$14000.00} in payments over the last two years towards a XXXX truck purchased from Regional Acceptance two years ago, and have never missed a payment.
Manager should perform review of the work ; to control volume and aging populations.
XX/XX/XXXX I get an email from GreenSky, XXXX XXXX XXXX, XXXX, GA XXXX.
And they charged me a late payment charge!
XXXX  XXXX {$690.00} Account number XXXX Date Opened XX/XX/XXXX 8.
Please don't respond to my request by saying that this account has been verified.
I've also called on multiple occasions regarding the negative items that are reported on my credit report.
XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX
Transunion stole my identity and sold my information via credit sale to these corporations without prior consent.
My mom said No, she has come in before, it resulted in nothing.
Had I known this or had I had a chance to withdraw the application before opening an account with such a low line of credit, I would not have opened the account at all.
This is XXXX XXXX please do not deny my complaint by stating that I filed this by some other means than myself.
I am helpless in this situation. 


I sent another check for them to keep our monthly loan payments the same, and they AGAIN returned the money, saying, by law, they had to return anything more than {$50.00} that was required by Escrow calculations.
It is not acceptable to treat these reporting accounts as unconfirmed information without producing proof within the legal time range.
I have call recording confirmation numbers and employee ID numbers which should be addressed.
With all this knowledge online, XXXX videos, XXXX XXXX, your own website, and numerous other platforms, anybody who knows how to do a XXXX search will learn what the credit bureaus can and can not do.
The accounts and inquiries that are on my account that are not mine. 

If you find inaccurate information, you can either dispute the information online or via postal mail.
XXXX XXXX XXXX Reference # : XXXX Date Filed/Reported XX/XX/XXXX ; XXXX XXXX XXXX Reference # : XXXX Date Filed/Reported XX/XX/XXXX ; XXXX XXXX ; XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX, XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XX/XX/XXXX ; XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX, GA XXXX ; XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXXXXXX XXXX, TX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX, FL XXXX ; XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XX/XX/XXXX ; XXXX XXXX XX/XX/XXXX ; XXXX XX/XX/XXXX XXXX XXXX XX/XX/XXXX ; XXXX XXXX  XX/XX/XXXX ; XXXX XXXX XX/XX/XXXX
15 USC 16669 A creditor may not treat a payment on a credit card account under an open end consumer credit plan as late for any purpose
For several months now, I've been disputing inaccurate and unverifiable information showing up on my credit report by this company.
That literally makes no sense at all.
XXXX additional then they said every day when I have to car I will be charged all these fees until the car is sold not tell me this is not a gimmick.
Experian fabricated there means of verifying this information and stated that they verified using XXXX XXXX
I did not make a payment in XXXX as directed, but I called again because I had not received the paperwork on the loan modification.
If all of these requirements are not in order, then I have the legal right to request the deletion of this tradeline accordingly. 


The payoff checks to the creditors have yet to arrive.
In XXXX of 2018 I receive a notification of a XXXX XXXX credit card being added to my credit report causing a negative effect on my credit score.
If I have to.
Well by no surprise i get a notice from the post office that i have a certified letter there and ready for pick up XXXX/XXXX/XXXX and yesterday XXXX/XXXX/XXXX i get my regular mail and there are XXXX letters from Greentree so i open it immediately and every letter said thank you for your most recent payment of {$5.00} but you must pay {$9600.00} something like that do n't have the letter in front of me
If any information is deleted from a consumers file pursuant to subparagraph ( A ), the information may not be reinserted in the file by the consumer reporting agency unless the person who furnishes the information certifies that the information is complete and accurate. 

I HAVE DISPUTED THIS DEBT MULTIPLE TIMES BUT EXPERIAN IT IS STILL SHOWING ON MY CREDIT REPORT STATING THAT I LIVED
I was hurt in the accident and still going threw pains and issues from the accident.
I offered them a settlement on XX/XX/2017 in the amount of {$300.00}, which they accepted as indicated by their cashing of the check ( see attached ).
Further, XXXX XXXX does not accept partial payments such as the amount of {$140.00}, would have been rejected back to Discover, as stated by a XXXX XXXX with XXXX XXXX executive office..
A list of tile sections of tile FCRA cross-referenced to the U.S Code is at the end of this document.


I have an aged 7 year old closed account that I disputed to have remove but experian will not remove the account.
I feel like Citibank is treating me like I did this to myself.
I feel like they are not trying because of my gender identity.
I can pay property tax and insurance on my own without these issues.
This needs to go away.
XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX, XXXX, OH  XXXX
I have requested documents for this account without any response back.
Which means they are in business with that company which is a conflict of interest.
XX/XX/XXXX - Receive 18 notifications ( one for each loan ) that my loan went into forbearance until XX/XX/XXXX.
PayPal decided they wanted to discontinue doing business with me however they refuse to refund the balance in my account.
Which I did n't sign up for.
So first order of business was Citibank would not give me any type of information about my account and said that it will take 60 days for them to close my account and the remaining funds will be sent to me via a check.
I have never been given the right to dispute.
Lastly, I called CCS and spoke with a manager, XXXX.
I demand that you provide me with all documentation and relevant information from your investigation.
My funds were released after being transferred to management  sometime after I made the deposit on XX/XX/XXXX.
Its has been well over 45 days and I have yet to receive an updates or investigation results.
The letters sent were requested to validate the inaccurate account reported on my credit profile.
Back in XXXX XXXX I filed for bankruptcy.
XXXX XXXX XXXX in XXXX
They obviously were not ready for the transition.
I constantly dispute this car loan and it constantly stays on my credit and its been almost 10 years.
I have a lawful right to privacy and that right has been violated by Account Name : XXXX Account # XXXX Account Name : XXXX  XXXX # XXXX Account Name : XXXX  XXXX # XXXX
After I made a deposit, the next day, Ally blocked my online access to my account. 

I have provided an exhibit of evidence showing the inaccuracies of my reports.


After I took out a car loan with XXXX for 48 months I paid it off in 18 months.
Notice, it is a fact, I, the affiant is a consumer has the right to privacy pursuant to 15 U.S Code 1681 ( a ) ( 4 ).
XXXX XXXX sent the following messages at XXXX PM View XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX ( He/Him ) XXXX
I have filed complaints with both XXXX, and then the credit bureaus.
How many times can you give them identification?
Accounts to be removed : - XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX
On XX/XX/2022, I returned to the same local Bank of America branch to speak with a representative that handles fraud.
hello, my name is XXXX XXXX. 


I was informed that the bank was going to deposit the {$440.00} into my account but still the money is not there after a month. 

Further the notice was dated only 2 days before they withdrew the money which means it was not sent out the day it was printed.
In fact, as the time of my original inquiry, two student loans ( in the amount of {$7500.00} and {$7500.00} respectively ) show as having been paid this very month.
I showed the branch manager on my online banking that I had a balance of {$5000.00} in my savings aside from the {$400.00} I transferred out that they took back. 

This is an erroneous account. 


My credit report has a late payment for the month of XXXX.
On XX/XX/2019, I went into the bank and used teller services to cash a check.
I am writing to dispute the inclusion of XXXX on my credit report.
XXXX XXXX came and went with no response to our Qualified Written Request. 

I want to emphasize a single fact in here, I spoke with maybe 6 representatives and not one of them could tell me why my account was terminated how could a business operate in such a manner that they can not give me a reason as to why they are terminating my account?
Im requesting removal of accounts and/or monetary compensation due to violations of my rights.
In the results of your first investigation and subsequent reinvestigation, you stated in writing that you verified that these items are being reported correctly?
15 USC 1681 Section 604
If this is not taken care of I will file lawsuit against them in this matter for reasons that I will research on why I am able to file a lawsuit.
Further action will not be limited to : Complaints filed with the Better Business Bureau, Consumer Financial Protection Bureau, state consumers bureaus, potential class action administration and legal action.
I absolutely dispute this amount since I have been making all payments to my original Account Number :  XXXX  with  XXXX   XXXX  since  XXXX , when the original balance was {$310000.00} on  XX/XX/XXXX      
I thought all was fine after doing my due diligence with Nelnet and keeping them in the know.
OH XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX, XXXX, OH XXXX
All in all, I feel very frustrated and stressed about it.
XXXX XXXX  also verified they would need my permission to discuss my account with any outside party, which includes, but XXXX XXXX to, XXXX XXXX and TD XXXX Card Services.
I spoke with one of their agents who told me I would be required to send letters to all credit reporting agencies.
They said the credit report was an issue.
I have wrote your company several times.
In XX/XX/XXXX I went back to XXXX   school and am now a XXXX  
RE : RE : Charge Dispute for XXXX/TRS Services Address XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX  Date XX/XX/2019 XXXX XXXX Subject RE : RE : Charge Dispute for XXXX You can process a Revocation of Authorization.
I immediately notified Chase by phone and they assured me they would take care of the bill right away.
I was also that by XXXX my representative that the foreclosure date had been extended until XXXX XXXX.
On XX/XX/2022 around XXXX, I went into the XXXX XXXX and XXXX XXXX assisted me.
The credit reporting agency has not taken the correct steps to evaluate the information.
Dear CFPB, There was a late payment reported from the following account in XX/XX/2015.


In accordance with the fair credit Reporting act XXXX Account # XXXX, has violated my rights. 


I am requesting formal investigation into the practices of XXXX as they violate multiple consumer protections laws and violate my rights under federal protections.
XXXX XXXX XXXX said that since they did not submit it in the time that was required, that I did not owe the money and they would take it off my account.
Violation 4.

15 U.S.C 1681 ( B ) You are to provide contents in writing of the results of the reinvestigation, description of the procedure used to determine the accuracy etc.
The supervisor said that he was not in the department that handled this, and that the department that handles credit freezes for minors does not talk to anyone over the phone. 

I have asked them not to contact me again.
And Equifax can not submit my credit.
I went to file my taxes and I was told by my consultant that my identity has been stolen because someone had already filed under my social security.
I contacted PayPal and they said the only way I could get information was via mail.
Time of Delinquency : XX/XX/XXXX These four companies are all in violation of United State code 15 1666b and also United state Code 15 1681n.
TAKE MY NAME AND RECORDS OFF OF EVERYTHING.
The provisions of this section do not apply to a check services company, acting as such, which issues authorizations for the purpose of approving or processing negotiable instruments, electronic fund transfers, or similar methods of payments, except that, beginning XXXX business days after receipt of information described in paragraphs ( XXXX ) through ( XXXX ) of subsection ( XXXX ) of this section, a check services company shall not report to a national consumer reporting agency described in section XXXX ( XXXX ) of this title, any information identified in the subject identity theft report as resulting from identity theft.
When I answer, I hear music and I hang up.
These accounts need to be removed from my report immediately since they are not doing their due diligence to validate and certify that the information they are reporting on is true. 


I am an XXXX, XXXX citizen on a fixed income, and for my money to have been taken from me and I get absolutely no help from the financial institution that I have trusted with my savings that I lived off of, is Ludacris.
I tried to contact Discover immediately after seeing this, and the agents were unable to see anything regarding the account since it was " too new. ''
They have failed to do so in that time frame.
I cant even log in to get the account number
On XX/XX/2020 I sent a letter regarding inaccurate and unknown things on my credit report to this day over 45 days later, I have not received a response.
Reason being is that I have sent certified letters to XXXX to fully comply with a validation of debt in the amount of {$1400.00} and also just because this account is damaging my credit file, I have requested twice by letter for a settlement.
This continued till XXXX XXXX.
And all I get from the CRA is Verified as Accurate, and their letters saying they will not investigate this anymore.
I asked for something in writing explaining who they were, the debt they were collecting for, and the amount owed.
and I demand these items be removed immedately or I will be forced to file for litigation.
Upon reviewing my updates, the incorrect information was still found in my reports which I believe has been taken care of due to the written appeals I sent.
what are they talking about?? 

XXXX XXXX Bank should be able to provide all this information if they are stating I allowed these charges.
I left my name and number for her to give me a call back.
I asked if it would be more or less than what has been given to me verbally, or amount shown on line.   
To whom it may concern, I recently reviewed my credit report and noticed inaccuracies and/or incomplete information and accounts that are un-verified.
It 's now XXXX XXXX, 2015 and I have n't received anything from LenderLive Network , Inc.
XXXX continues to refuse to credit account or send another item. 

I only agreed to proceed because I believed I had no other option.
<P/>
I was told I mailed the check to the wrong Navient address-still within Navient, but the wrong department.
Each time I have called I receive the same response.
I made a purchase for {$260.00} on XX/XX/2020.
I want to know did you properly investigate these accounts.
After speaking with  XXXX   XXXX  for the purpose of obtaining a physical payoff payment address, I sent Statebridge Company  ( m ortgage servicer ) a check of {$16000.00} meant to pay off the balance of my loan (  XXXX  ) with them.
Attached are my Loan details from XXXX showing my student loans are PAID IN FULL. 


Also they have violated my rights even more In accordance with the Fair Credit Reporting Everything has to be 100 % accurate on my credit report.
XXXX XXXX states on their reports that the address is ( XXXX.
I tried contacting XXXX, XXXX, XXXX, XXXX XXXX XXXX, AMEX, and XXXX/XXXX with no successful resolution.
AmeriHome Mortgage would not accept the check at its clearing house after my bank took the check and gave me full credit for it.
I contacted United Revenue Corp. who is the company listed as the reporting agency, and explained the situation to them.
I am not disputing that I owe an interest fee.
In lieu of the disputed information, you willfully failed to conduct a reasonable investigation of my dispute because we have contacted the company reporting the information you disputed, supplied them all relevant information and any documents you gave us with your dispute, and instructed them to : review all information we provide them about your dispute ; verify the accuracy of the information ; provide us a response to your dispute ; and update their records and systems as necessary.
XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX FL XXXX XXXX.
I need to be made whole.
I have received 17 accounts they claim are owed.
The home didnt have a certificate of occupancy.
We know that SOUTHWEST CREDIT SYSTEM are still violating FDCPA, such as using false or misleading information in an effort to collect a debt and sharing information about delinquent debts with unauthorized third parties.
Our credit score has taken a hit with the Chapter XXXX bankruptcy ( the house loan was included in the bankruptcy ), and now we are taking another hit with the foreclosure reporting ( it is not being reported as included in the bankruptcy that has been discharged ).
no late fees nothing.
My identity has been compromised and accounts has been opened and closed in my name.
One such check was " washed '' - everything I had written on the check, except my signature, was deleted, and replaced with new information - different payee, different amount, etc., in handwriting completely different from my signature.
I have a never used American Express Prepaid Rewards gift card number XXXX expiration date XX/XX/19 CVV code XXXX valued at {$20.00}.
In XX/XX/XXXX, {$70000.00} of this loan became a debt cancellation but was later renewed as a new loan.
I have contacted XXXX XXXX  XXXX XXXX about an issue with a XXXX they sent me which stated they had paid out {$200.00} to account that I had once I brought this to their attention they stated that now they are not going to pay this out and give me a XXXX with a XXXX balance I spoke with the XXXX XXXX and they took over a month to give me this resolution and I still have not actually received anything but they had already printed a XXXX with the bank seems very fraudulent
this account is not mine, i never opened an account with  XXXX .
Unfortunately, this is not new behavior for Wells Fargo as the CFPB brought Wells Fargo 's illegal student loan servicing practices to light and announced enforcement action against Wells Fargo on XXXX XX/XX/XXXX.
I have received a response that does not indicate or prove : 1.
However, the current credit reports for me and my spouse, XXXX XXXX XXXX does not reflect the dispute.
I was told over the phone that they were processing the payment to my account and that it would be applied by XX/XX/XXXX. 


They refused or were unable to verify n remove the inquiries and its been 60days n they record the calls n admitted they had my police report XXXX ftc and affidavit
XXXX repeatedly and deliberately put profits ahead of its borrowersit engaged in deceptive and abusive practices, targeted students who it knew would struggle to pay loans back and placed an unfair burden on people trying to improve their lives through education.
Making the report is not INCLUEDED on my Consumer report!


( During the pandemic, neither one of us lost our jobs but we did endure stents of lost hours which put us behind on multiple things ).
I have no history of XXXX charges and I can no longer see the initial fraudulant charge because when they send you a new card- you are required to create a new account and do not have the history to your previous account.
THIS IS AFFECTING THE OVER-ALL HEALTH OF MY CREDIT SCORES.
COLLECTION AGENCY :
I lost my primary income of XXXX  in my home when Covid hit and was on Pandemic Unemployment Assistance ( PUA ) until it ended on XX/XX/XXXX.
Today is 4 months later and Santander refuses to stand by there statement of removing the late payment.
I called on XXXX.
XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX, KY XXXX ( XXXX ) XXXX continues to report to XXXX  a debt that was settled thru divorce decree over 10 years ago.
Ditech did cash the {$94000.00} but didn't apply the funds to my mortgage account. 


( 200 U.S. a t 314 )
